This new indicator takes your trading to the next level. This is an advanced indicator built based on multiple linear regression. The accuracy of this indicator is insane. I will teach you a trading strategy based on this indicator that makes consistent profit. Just make sure you watch this video until the end and let's get started. Before I add the indicator, if you like my content, please support the channel by liking the video and subscribing to my channel if you haven't subscribed yet. All right, let's add the indicator. Here we click on indicators and we search regression slope oscillator this one which is a new indicator from Big Beluga. All right, this is the indicator and as you can see it is added here below the chart. As I said, this indicator is built based on multiple linear regression. In case if you don't know what linear regression is, regression is a statistical technique to predict a variable based on the value of one or more variables. And because of its linear characteristic, it's a perfect model in financial markets for predicting the price and trends in the market. This indicator uses multiple linear regression over different look back periods and then average them into a single oscillator line that is represented here below the chart. Let me explain what we have here and how we can interpret this indicator and then I will teach you a trading strategy based on this indicator. But before that, I'm proud to announce that I have published a book, The Art of Price Action Trading, which is a comprehensive guide to price action analysis. The link is in the description and you can get it later if you want to master price action trading. All right, getting back to the indicator. So, this line here is regression oscillator and as I explained earlier, this is average of multiple linear regression over different look back periods. As you can see, similar to other oscillators, it is moving above and below the center line, which is zero. And depending on its position and distance to the center line, it has different colors. As you can see, when the oscillator line is below the center line, it shows that the market is trending down. And when the oscillator line goes above the center line, it shows that the market is in an uptrend. So below the center line, the market is trending down. And above the center line, the market is trending up. You can clearly see that the oscillator is perfectly showing us the trend of the market. We don't have too much lag and we don't have misleading center line crossovers. You may ask if this center line crossovers can be a signal for reversal of the market. Yes, this can be a reversal signal. In other words, a signal for starting of a new trend. When crosses below the center line, it can be a signal for starting of a downtrend. And when crosses above the center line, it can be a signal for starting of an uptrend. But we don't trade only based on the centerline crossover. And we need more confirmation to say with higher probability that a new trend is forming on the chart. This is actually the trading strategy that I want to explain later. So make sure you watch this video until the end. All right. Here we have also another line this white line which is signal line and it is moving average of the oscillator line and we can use crossover of the signal line and the oscillator line for identifying momentum changes inside the trend. When the oscillator line crosses above the signal line, it's a bullish signal and it shows that we have increased upside momentum. And when the oscillator line crosses below the signal line, it's a bearish signal and it shows that we have increased downside momentum. The indicator also shows signals for these crossover signals by the help of these white circles. When it is a reversal signal on the other side, when the oscillator line is below the center line, if we get a bullish crossover, which is when the oscillator line crosses above the signal line, it shows a white circle like this. And when the oscillator line is above the center line, if we get a bearish signal, which is when the oscillator line crosses below the signal line, we get a circle like this. They are also shown on the price chart. As you can see, these signals are very risky because they are against the current trend of the market. But instead, the signals that are in the same direction with the current trend of the market, they have lower risk and they can be used in trend following strategies. For example, when the oscillator line is below the center line, which tells us that the market is trending down, then the bearish crossovers, which is when the oscillator line crosses below the signal line, they can be used for entering a trade in the same direction with the current trend of the market. Or similarly here when the oscillator line is above the center line which tells us that the market is trending up then the bullish crossovers which is when the oscillator line crosses above the signal line they can be used for entering a trade in the same direction with the current trend of the market. All right. Now let me teach you a reversal trading strategy which is based on the center line crossovers of this oscillator line. As I said, this is a reversal trading strategy. So, we're going to catch starting of a new trend and find a perfect trading opportunity to enter a trade. We need to add two exponential moving averages for more confirmation. So, here we click on indicators and we search ribbon. This one moving average ribbon. And then we need to go to the settings of the ribbon to adjust the settings. First, we remove two of the moving averages because we only need two exponential moving averages. So, here we set EMA for them. Then, for the first EMA, we set the length at five. And for the second EMA, we set the length at 13. Then, for the first EMA, we change the color to white. And for the second EMA, the color should be orange. And finally, we go to the style tab and we increase the thickness of the line so they will be better visible on our price chart. All right, we're done with the settings of the exponential moving averages. And now let me teach you how we can trade based on this setup. In a short position setup, in the first step, we want the oscillator line to go below the center line. This is an initial signal that probably a downtrend is forming. In the next step, we wait for a pullback. If the prior uptrend is still strong, the price will continue advancing. But if a reversal is happening in the market and now we have greater downside momentum in the market, this advancing of the price will stop. And then we will have decline of the price to lower levels. For identifying the pullback and end of the pullback, we're going to use the indicator itself and the two EMAs. Here we want the white line to go above the orange line. And here we want the oscillator line to go above the signal line. When we have this situation, it tells us that probably a pullback is forming on the chart. In the next step, we want to know when the pullback is ended. Here we wait for the white line to close below the orange line. And here the oscillator line should close below the signal line. So now we can say with higher probability that the pullback ended and the price is going to decline more. So the reversal signal here is confirmed and in practice we could enter a short position at this point with the stop loss above the pullback and profit target at risk-to-reward ratio of two. All right. Now let me teach you a long position setup. In the first step we wait for the crossing of the oscillator line above the center line. This is an initial signal that probably a reversal is happening and we're going to have formation of an uptrend. In the next step, we wait for a pullback. If the reversal is real and now we have greater upside momentum, this decline of the price will stop and then advancing of the price to higher levels. For identifying the pullback and end of the pullback, we use the indicator itself and the two EMAs. Here we wait for the white line to go below the orange line and here the oscillator line below the signal line. Now in the next step we wait for the signal that shows end of the pullback. Here we wait for the white line to close above the orange line and here the oscillator line above the signal line. You can see that it happened here when this candle was closed. So the reversal here is confirmed and in practice we could enter a long position at this point with the stop loss below the pullback and profit target at risk-to-reward ratio of two. And you can see that this trade was also a profitable trade in this trading strategy because we have different layers of confirmation. When we have a false center line crossover like this, most of the times we will not reach to the final confirmation of entering a trade. But this is not always the case and we can encounter false signals because just like any other trading strategies, this trading strategy will not give you 100% guaranteed signals and you need to manage your risk properly. 1% role risk management is the best risk management strategy and recommended by professional traders. I have a complete guide on this. The link is also placed in the description and I highly recommend you to watch it now because without a proper riskmanagement strategy, you cannot become a consistently profitable trader. All right, that's it. Thank you for watching this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and leave a comment for me. I'll answer your questions as soon as possible. If you haven't subscribed to my channel, please subscribe and hit the bell so you get the notifications of my new videos. See you guys in next video and good luck with your trading. It's okay. It's okay.