If you start training today, in 2026, you will be able to do something different from 90% of the people. You will not be able to look for signals, you will not be able to jump between strategies. For sure, you will not be able to open your position and accept the principle. You will be able to build up a simple, repeatable day by day process. Because the truth is the following. Not those who know a lot of indicators, but those who have a structure and I am a player. In this video, I will show you exactly how to look like in a training day. If you are starting, you want to do it seriously. If you are new to the channel, like and subscribe to not miss the next videos and to step forward before you all get up. The first step is tomorrow's analysis. It is necessary to look at the big picture. The first thing that I do every day is the market analysis. I don't trade, I don't look at the nominal graphics. I start from a high time frame. I open Bitcoins and I ask three questions. Where are we from the previous structure? Are we in the frame? Are we in the trend? If we are in the trend, what is the trend? Where are the last peaks and the day? Now I will show you exactly what this looks like on the 7th graphic. We open the first Bitcoins on the 7th graphic. We start from a fairly high point. But this is the right way. What do we see on the 7th graphic? Clean, downtrend. After we have this whole movement on for almost a thousand days, officially banned with higher highs, higher lows, higher highs, higher lows. Again, higher high, higher lows, higher highs. Until we made a very low price, namely lower lows, from this structure. The structure is closed down here and at the moment, what interests me on the 7th graphic, is whether we are macro bullish or macro bearish. Macro bullish or macro bearish, we will choose from the big picture, namely the 7th and the day graphic. This gives us a clear idea of what we should look like in the market, because the most important thing is to imagine yourself at the same time with some time frame. For example, the 7th graphic looks like a trend for us. The day graphic again looks like a trend for us. Today, lower highs, lower days, lower highs, lower days. This is what the trend looks like for us. Here we have another example in a trend we are doing. Higher, higher, higher, higher high, higher high, higher high, higher high, higher high, and we enter the consolidation flag while we are still not doing it. Lower days with this day, higher days from the previous one, and we start again to trend up. So the first thing that interests me on today's time frame is what is the trend? In the case of a high time frame, I am a bearish. This is what interests me. The second thing that I can do, I am looking forward to not delay this graphic, I can add the EMAs. The EMAs that we talked about in the previous video of the series, here I made them 50, 200, 255 and 800. As 50 is the blue, 200 is the yellow, 255 is the orange, and the EMA line is 800 is the blue. What does the chart tell me? It's super simple. When I look at it, I realize that we are down-trend. What I see is that the trend is quite strong, and that absolutely all EMAs go down. This tells me the following. While looking for trades for 4 hours and 1 hour, I am more or less satisfied with this macro trend. I am satisfied with the fact that we can make a free-trace, test some of these EMAs, and then we can make a free-trace. Yes, we have made a free-trace, but as I mentioned, I am very satisfied with this. This is another indicator that you can add. You can see that this movement is strong. When I said this, I knew that the macro trend is not very good. This allows me, even though I was long, to have a time frame, to have a new one. This is a new one. It tells me that we can go down, bring this level, and then we will get such a reaction. It is clear that we are together with you in the market updates. We talked about this retest, and we all joined together in the short. But this happens exactly because we were looking at the big picture, and the big picture tells us that we are in the bear market. No matter how much I want to see you, no matter how much I don't want to see you. This is what I take from daily time frame. The moment in which we begin to get closer, to which idea we are, even though I am here, to 50 AMA on daily time frame, I am under attention. Because every day I look at this daily schedule on one day. They tell me that at the moment, you don't have to search for long-term long-term. After that, we go on for 4 hours. Quite often, for 4 hours, and on a daily schedule, we have a good trend. But it happens as we saw a little while ago, this retest of the AMA that I told you about, on daily time frame, we were still in the category of a good trend. Even though we were trying to do something that can confirm that the trend is going well. But on the other hand, we have this. Nof high talk, high roll, Nof high. The difference between the two time frames is that the daily schedule takes a long time, 4 hours to develop, which in rare cases, but it happens, allows us to be in a good trend. For 4 hours, while we are still in a good trend. Therefore, you have to combine the whole picture together. After seeing what happens in 4 hours, I get out, I see, we are under the AMA, we are doing a retest. This is the retest that I showed you on the daily time frame. Let's remember, 6 hours on 28, so 28 interests us. Here, as I told you, we retested 50 AMA from the bottom. You can see how clean it looks in 4 hours. After that, we are trying to change the trend in the same way. We go, we do a very low amount here, we go back, we test one time, we test the other time, we open up and here is the result. If you took a similar trade, you can allow yourself to cover the AMA and the previous structure, namely this top hand here and then to drive this trend down. Understand how much you spend in this frame and how often you will do it. Because, going down to 1 hour, to 15 minutes, to 5 minutes, to not talk for a minute, the trends are constantly changing. The signals are quite uncertain and that's why we all keep an eye on the higher frame until you learn. You will be trading very slowly but this is something that will allow you to stay longer in the market, you are more confident in yourself because the trades you will take will look the same. 4 hours free test is much stronger than 1 minute free test. Here you can see what happens. For 1 minute, we go up, we go back to the top, we go up, we go down. Here we hold the trend from the beginning to the end and this whole thing depends on whether you are a trend trader who is trading EMAs, you are trading very fast and you get 100% You go down, you didn't check where you are at 4 hours at 1 hour of work, you say, oh, good, here we test EMAs, you choose we go down. The result is more or less the same. You reach Bitonics. This is something important. If you start trading seriously there is a little advantage and it matters. For big borsos you are just a part of the statistics. To get to the low taxis you need a lot of money to take the bonus, you need to win thousands of millions of people and to start it it's not realistic. With Bitonics, the model is different. Through our link you get level 2 and you can add USDT to your account. This is the difference because you are a small player in a huge system and you need to develop a platform like Bitonics which we use and if you want, you have a QR code in the video, try it, we are extremely happy with them and we are extremely happy with them. While we are moving a lot of money to the low taxis we are in the downtrend. It is very good to trade with the trend. The trend is your friend. You will trade our system or you will trade something that you believe in and you are confident in it. You are good, you tested and you built the knowledge and discipline to trade in a certain system. The other trend is counter-trend trading. It is profitable but it is a little ahead of you. For people who love and feel comfortable in trading aggressive movements. So this is the analysis of the charts. You understand you can use additional tools, for example from this link down you can hit a figure and you will say what is your CMA for me? What is your CMA for me? 38.2% If we do it for 4 hours in a pullback where we tested 255 CMA this would coincide with the Fibonacci levels here I will look for the eventual short or I will expect this level to see what will be his reaction experience for the higher levels. The charting to a high time frame allows you to expect regular setups and not to be forced in moments like this one. You can see we are in a rather serious day of consolidation. This day of consolidation will kill the accounts if you don't know what they look like. We talked about the trend and now I will show you what consolidation looks like. Consolidation looks like this if you mark the lower limit and the upper limit in which the price is high you can see that the price is moving in a range. Test the upper part, test the lower part test the upper part, test the lower part This is a moment in which every strategy of the trend is dying. So you have to know when we have lower days and lower levels in downtrend and when we have higher levels or consolidation in the next wave consolidation and in the next wave and after that we enter the consolidation mode in which there is a slightly lower trend. Often it happens after a big Bitcoin move into a few 7th range so to say our job is to recognize it. Especially now in the last 2 weeks we are talking about what we find in this range and we cannot expect from this range until we get a breakout. This breakout needs to be strengthened with volume and with adequate price action. So, at the moment we took trades, we had trades here we had trades here but we were choosing profits all the time. We also had shorts from the upper part then we saw that this range is formed in the beginning of the range we are looking at in the last way but I also corrected it like this. So, again you have trades here, you have trades here but knowing that you are in a range you need adequate profit zones it is not good but when you know that you are choosing a macro trend and you are in a range in this trade and you expect to do something like this. Yes, this can happen but it can also be that you did not make a timing. This range can last another 2-3 weeks after that I go to the free software that I showed you in the last 7 weeks namely Qtaka AI I shared it on twitter with you how it is I left you the link and use it absolutely no affiliates they are the best software at the moment which is free except for me. If you follow me on twitter I get a lot of important information such as the footprint such as the script settings and so on. Qtaka AI is the one that allows me to see the hit map that interests me here we can see Limit by order wait for 6550 and 6550 in total around 1500 bitcoins I would like to buy at this price at some point as I saw in the previous video how they represent the hit map I recommend you to google so that you can click it or after the end of the video you can see the link for the video so this is Qtaka I use it I go and see what I have here 6550 then 6550 I take a horizontal line 65 you can even click twice on this line and come here and write 6550 then I made a template long limit orders I leave them here then I duplicate it twice I click on it 6550 is another area that interests me here my limit orders remain on the chart something else important from these of you who want to support the charts go and click when you click on these horizontal lines you will be here those you clicked go after that create group of drawings what I will draw is hit map orders then you will see the next line that I want to introduce here I do this for some reason if we want to hide these orders we can just click here and disappear this allows us to draw without drawing and to pay attention to them also like this you can lock them so you can not move them without wanting to with the mouse also I can do with these two lines these two lines again we create a group and I write range we lock this range and we can not move the lines after that we start to draw something else we want to move this range we want to move the hit maps and we start to draw whether this will be the trend line whether this will be what it will be we can make it super easy to clean the page that's how it is zoom out we can see that there is no interest to these orders and we continue to the front for those of you who are interested this is BTC 1m 46 bitcoins and PIC BTC 1m 312 bitcoins this allows me to see orders from bottom and from the top of the price here I think that 66.900 another area 66.900 somewhere in one correctly and from the template I will choose short limit orders from the new I go to the and add to the hit map orders the other thing that interests me is one of the most important templates that I have is the template with dominatiy from the left I use BTC in the middle Ethereum.d as this template in the middle I switch it between I will show you how from the right side I have USDT.d plus USDC.d here you can copy it and put it in the panel here to add this is the stablecoin dominatiy on USDC and on USDT in combination with 1m this is what interests me is where the money is we see the money is in the stablecoin this is how the market is in a serious correction from about 50% to the moment this is completely normal but this chart does not allow to the hard time frame to be understood to see what interest is to the moment there is interest to this person wanting to keep the stablecoin dominatiy in the moment in which the stablecoin dominatiy started to correct our task is to see where the money goes whether Bitcoin starts to keep the dominatiy or Ethereum dominatiy starts to take over the market I understand here I still have the dominatiy interesting people wanting to invest in gold they want to trade gold completely normal after that the link to the dominatiy which is similar to bitcoin hashbar, xrp which has its own moments much better moments as you can see here there is a lot of serious dominatiy but at the moment it looks like the last thing the whole thing you can use it you can use it to see when it's good it's bad because it's much better than bitcoin or when it's much better than bitcoin to be long in this situation and it's understood that in the end we are doing something that most people skip review, I'm looking at the trades what are the parts I took where is it fast where is it good when I put the coin in early I can do more coins after that I write everything in this journal and start cleaning the coins that's how a good trader works when you see where you're going and start working on the problem everyone makes coins, no matter if someone tells you that you have 100% winrate let's just say if you manage to get 30-40% winrate you are fully profitable so if you clean one or more coins that will allow you to take small trades until you realize that you have a lot of coins because the winrate will be successful and in the end I want to say something important trading is not for people who are looking for quick results it's for people who are ready to build habits if you start in this way with analysis, with clear scenarios with suffering and with review regardless of whether you take part or not whether you follow the process because when the process is done the results come by themselves if you want to do this together you know where to find us the links to trade by design discord are below in the description thanks for watching bye and see you soon