Look at this. Check, check, signal, enter a trade. Boom. Again, check, check, signal, enter a trade. Boom. This indicator will blow your mind. I will teach you how you can effectively use this indicator. So, make sure you watch this video until the end. And let's get started. Before I add the indicator, if you like my content, please support the channel by liking the video and subscribing to my channel if you haven't subscribed yet. All right, let's add the indicator. Here we click on indicators and we search Jurich MA trends breakouts. This one which is a new indicator from big beluga. All right. This is the indicator and as you can see it is overlaid on the price chart. This indicator has two parts. We have this line here that changes color between green and blue and this is a jurik moving average. Jurich moving average is a very smooth and low lag moving average that has the ability to quickly respond to the price action and trend changes but with minimum amount of noises. The interpretation is just like any other types of moving averages. When the price is above the line, we can say that the market is trending up. And in this situation, the color of the line is green. And when the price is below the line, we can say that the market is trending down. And in this situation, the color of the line is blue. When the price is moving farther away from the moving average line, we can say that the upside momentum is strong. And when it is moving close to the line, we say that the upside momentum is weakening which could be because of a pullback or in another situation after that a reversal may happen and the price may go below the line. Similarly here when the price is moving farther away below the moving average line we can say that the downside momentum is strong and when it is moving near the line we say that the downside momentum is weakening which can be because of a pullback or a reversal may happen and the price may go above the line. All right, this was the first part of this indicator and the second part is the breakout signals. The breakout signals that are happening inside the trends and this is actually where the indicator is providing the signals. Before I explain this part, I'm proud to announce that I have published a book, the arts of price action trading, which is a complete guide to price action analysis. The link is in the description and you can get it later if you want to master price action trading. All right, getting back to the indicator. These breakout signals are not something new or strange. They are just based on the basic concept of the market structure. Financial markets have a structure. At any given time, the market is in one of the two situations. It is either trending or not trending. And when it is trending, it is either trending up or trending down. When the market is in an uptrend, the price makes higher highs and higher lows. And when the market is in a downtrend, the price makes lower highs and lower lows. This is the structure of a downtrend and uptrend. And if you don't see this structure, it means that the market is not trending. When the market is trending, there is a concept that is related to breakouts inside the trends. It is called simply breakout or breakoff structure known as BOS. Let me explain so you better understand. When we are in an uptrend, when the price goes for a pullback, before the pullback, a sewing high is created on the chart. And this high can act as a potential resistance level. When this level is broken and we get a candle that has closed above this level, it can be a signal that probably the price is going to advance more in the direction of the uptrend. Similarly, in a downtrend, when the price goes for a pullback, before the pullback, a swing low is created and this low can act as a potential support level. When this level is broken and we get a candle that has closed below this level, it can be a signal that probably the price is going to decline more in the direction of the downtrend. So these breakout signals that the indicator is showing is based on this fact that we have breakouts inside the market structure. The indicator has a juric moving average and this helps us with identifying trends and then it shows breakout signals inside the identified trends. For example, here you can see that while the moving average line is green which tells us that the price is in an uptrend, then we had a pullback of the price to the green line. You can see that the indicator started marking from the high before the pullback and extended to the next swing high up to here. And at this point, you can see that this candle is closed above the level. And the indicator showed the breakout signal by the help of this arrow. So in practice, we could enter a long position at this point with the stop loss below the pullback or below the green line if it is not far from our trade entry and profit target at 1.5. risk-to-reward ratio. Again, you can see that here we had pullback of the price. The indicator marked the highs and at this point you can see that we got a candle that is closed above this level. So the breakout here is confirmed and we could enter a long position at this point with the stop loss below the pullback or below the green line if it is not very far from our trade entry and profit target at 1.5 risk-to-reward ratio. After this trade, you can see that again we got a pullback of the price to the green line, but the price didn't return and breaking the high before the pullback. Instead, you can see that the price was playing around the line and then it went below the line. And from here, you can see that the color of the line became blue, telling us that we are in a downtrend now. And we're going to take downside breakout signals. Here, you can see that we had pullback of the price to the line. the low before the pullback is marked and extended to the next low here up to here. And at this point, you can see that the line is broken. We got a candle that is closed below this level. So in practice, we could enter a short position at this point with the stop loss above the moving average line and profit target at 1.5 risk-to-reward ratio. After this trade, there was another opportunity for entering a short position. You can see that we had pullback of the price. This is a support level and you can see that it was broken here by the help of this candle. So in practice we would enter a short position at this point with the stop loss above the pullback and profit target at 1.5 risk-to-reward ratio and until now the price is here and not known yet if this position will be profitable or not. If this is just a pullback after that we will have decline of the price making this position profitable. But please pay attention that these signals are not 100% guaranteed signals. No, here we can have advancing of the price and end up with a losing position here. The point is that you can never avoid all of your false signals. That is not possible with this method. You will have high probability positions because you are entering in the breakouts that are in the same direction with the current trend of the market. But this doesn't mean you will not encounter false signals. Losing possessions are always part of the game and you need to manage your risk properly so you can minimize the effect of your losing possessions. There is a riskmanagement strategy that is called 1% rule and it is one of the best risk management strategies that you can use. I have a complete guide on this. The link is also placed in the description and I highly recommend you to watch it now because without a proper risk management you cannot become a consistently profitable trader. All right, that's it. Thank you for watching this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and leave a comment for me. I'll answer your questions as soon as possible. If you haven't subscribed to my channel, please subscribe and hit the bell so you get the notifications of my new video. See you guys in next video and good luck with your trading.