In this video, I want to show you how you can use your cryptos like your tethers, your USDC, your bitcoins, your salon, your ethereums, your uh camel coins, whatever to to put trades on other markets. When I say other markets, I'm talking about gold, silver, platinum, platium, all of the major US indices like SPY, NASDAQ, Dow Jones, and even other world markets as well, plus many, many more. all of the major US equities as well and even several different Forex pairs. That is going to be through Bybit, which is the link in the description below, which will give you several bonuses. But of course, full disclosure, it is an affiliate link, but I want to walk you through how you actually fund your account, how you put on trades, these sort of things. It's super super simple. Honestly, if you're familiar with Bybit or any of the major crypto exchanges, you're already going to know how this works. But it is one of those times where I think it's very important to kind of focus on this because I know a lot of people don't have access to the US markets. How do I know this? because I have direct experience with it, not particularly through through myself, but through my wife Elsa, who is not a US citizen. She was trying to sign up to a Vanguard account to get uh, you know, access to the US markets when we were living in Europe. And there were so many [ __ ] hoops to jump through in order to get this damn account. And all of it is like so antiquated as well. For example, she had to like send in snail mail for all like a million different forms. It was just a massive cluster [ __ ] and significantly more difficult than it probably needs to be. And ultimately it is as simple as just creating a buy bit account assuming that it is of course allowed in your jurisdiction which most are but unfortunately for us Americans it is not but also we don't really need it because we can just sign up to Vanguard Schwab or or or Fidelity you know all these things are super simple. Uh but yeah if you're not US person it's probably the easiest way to get exposure to these major markets which you know are the ones that are typically moving. I mean [ __ ] man like look at SPY look at gold. Gold's been moving like crazy as of recent. But of course, if you're just looking at Bitcoin, there's been [ __ ] all going on for the past month and for the couple months before that, you know, pretty much nothing going on over here as well. So, if you are a career trader or a career investor, you know, the opportunity cost is a real thing. And like I said, the buy bit link in the description below will get you there. It will get you a bunch of bonuses as well. But like I said, you don't need to use it. I'm not going to be mad or anything like that. I always feel like it's important to say that because look, like you can do whatever the [ __ ] you want to do. I'm all good. But if you do want those bonuses, then yes, there is a nice benefit with that. And let's now go over to Bybit. And I want to first show you where you can find all of these major tickers. It's actually super simple. You just go to the trade tab at the top of your window and scroll down to the trady section. It'll start you off on the recommended section. And of course, you can get access immediately to all of the major US indices or not just major US indices, but like major US equities, you know, Tesla, Circle, Nvidia, Micro Strategy, Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft, all of these things and more. On top of that, you got all the metals, you know, also versus other major um uh currencies. Whoops, just goofed it up over there. But we're, you know, we can get gold, silver, platinum, platium, not just versus the US dollar, but also versus the Australian dollar or the euro, for example. I don't really know why you'd want to do that, but hey, if you do, it's all there for you. You got many other forex pairs over here, even the exotic ones. And for the major indices, you got all the major world ones like the Hang Sang index, the European 50, which I guess if you want access or exposure to regulation, that's the one to do it with. Um, but all good. Even the Chinese 50. Um, you know, all these things are available to you, of course, alongside the major US indices. And then you got the big commodities, not just gold, silver, these sort of things, but also, you know, soybeans, oil, you know, gas and oil, cotton, copper, these sort of things are all there are all there. and more and available to you for funding your account. It's super simple. All you need to do is press the deposit button right here at the top right hand corner of your window. That'll bring you over to this section right here. From there, all you need to do is select whatever coin you want to deposit. Whether that's Tether, whether that's Bitcoin, you know, USC, Salana, whatever. There's a million different options. You can fund it all, I guess, that way. I imagine most people are going to be Tether or USC. Then you simply just choose your train. You know, for Salana, it's going to be Salana. For Bitcoin, it's going to be Bitcoin. for Tether or or USC, it's probably going to be ERC20. And then you get your deposit uh address right here. And you simply just send to that address. Super super super super super super simple. Doesn't really have much to do other than that. And once you've funded your account, you'll get a notification on your account. And then you can go over here and trade. Now, I am a US person. I can't actually use Bybit myself. I'm only doing this for a demonstration purpose right now. Um, but if you actually did have an account and you weren't limited by your geographical location, then you'll have a green and a red button respectively right here. And if you want to buy, you hit the green button. If you want to sell, you hit the red button. I know it's crazy, but yes, that is indeed how you do it. Um, of course, you're probably going to want to put in, you know, how much uh how much you actually want to buy in terms of US dollar. That's what you do right here. Or the value of the actual um underline that you want to buy at. So let's say you want to buy gold at 5200. You want to put in a limit order right there. Your limit price 5200. The size or the lots is going to be the actual amount that you are buying. Um other than that it is pretty stock standard. You can always reference by bits tool tips over here. Um super super simple in that regard. And then once you're ready you hit the green or the red button. You can also set up other exotic orders. You know if you want to have like a trigger price that then initiates another order you do that through this. So your trigger price is going to be the price in which in which your order gets validated. Meaning that your trigger price for gold might be like 5,300 in which case you set in a limit order to buy gold at 5200. Like if you want to buy a pullback after a breakout for example, you do something like that. Of course, also on your order entry screen, if you can actually go through this, then you can also set up your takerit and your stop loss in advance. You can do this so that it's literally baked into your actual order, meaning that you don't really have to think about other than that. Are there maybe better ways of doing this? Perhaps yes. But at the very least, you can protect yourself and and manage risk that way. And I think that that is rather important. But here's the thing. Crypto traders often limit themselves to one asset class. They get obsessed with their favorite shitcoin or or their bitcoins or whatever. And honestly, if you want to be a real trader, if you want to be a real investor, you do need to be able to access other markets. Um because opportunity cost is a real thing. And of course when Bitcoin is doing you know very little over here as you can see for the past month or so now uh it is massively advantageous to take your money and go to a different market and find the opportunity there. Now like I said there is a very very nice um uh bonus on buyer right now if you specifically use the link in the description below um that we go through all sort of different promotions and I usually always go for fee discounts but I know a lot of people aren't the biggest fans of fee discounts. Maybe if you're not, you know, not so much of an active trader, totally get that. For those people, there is also a deposit bonus um over here in which, you know, you can you can read it off. You deposit, if you deposit up to, you know, 100,000 bucks or more, you can get a $3,000 reward, so about 3% back basically. And uh and that is consistent amongst all these different tiers right here. It also requires a trading volume as well. These these numbers actually really aren't that difficult to meet to be honest with you. Um, but yeah, you know, you can get that bonus and usually when when we go for the special promotions, I will argue with my representatives for fee discounts. So, you'll you'll intermittently likely get these as well. Um, you know, when the time does uh arise when they do their promotions, of course. Again, I know I'm not a part of bit myself, so I can't actually make them do that, but that is what I typically argue for when I'm setting up these sort of promotional sort of things. Anyways, um yeah, that's pretty much it as far as this goes. Again, uh I think the most obvious value here is just for pe non US people who want access to the US equity markets because regardless of what you think of the US, whether you have a positive or negative view, the US equity market still is undoubtedly the most important equities market in all of the world. And that means that the most opportunity does live there, at least for right now. So if you want access to that and you're not an American person, I would strongly, strongly, strongly suggest to consider the buy alternative in the link description below. you can bypass all those silly [ __ ] forums and whatnot and not have to wait like 3 months in order to get your goddamn account open if that you know if if they even get back to you in that time. Um cuz believe me we do have experience in that and it's not [ __ ] fun especially when you watch all of these opportunities go by your face. Um but yeah by will open it for you you know pretty much immediately as soon as you just ver verify your account. So all good. Anyways that is where we'll end things for today. As always I wish everyone the best of best. Take care. Much love and see you hopefully