Bitcoin is nearing one of our major targets as it does play out the metinal setup from last week when Bitcoin was trading at 67,000 bucks 448 and change. And now as we approach said targets, I do want to go over what essentially to expect next. What this rally likely looks like and ultimately get into some traditional market action as well cuz there is one stock, one major thing that I did actually sell everything from. I don't necessarily think that is necessarily doomed, but I do think that we've had the heart of the trade, especially if you were watching my long-term investment portfolio video from many months ago. Uh there is one major change that I did make recently and also I want to focus on a few stocks, a few names that I am looking to accumulate during this Iranian war time. Look, I'm not saying war is good. I'm not saying that I'm happy about war, but when it comes to it, you know, there are moves to be made that do historically work out quite well in traditional markets and I want to be uh going over those essentially what I'm doing in traditions. Then also maybe cover up the old options trade that we got going on too. So, first things first, meta signals right here. Did far off like I say when Bitcoin was trading at 67,448 and 20. Since then, Bitcoin's been up uh what like I don't know 5,000 6,000 bucks or sorry, 7,000 bucks as Bitcoin did head up to $74,000 hitting target number one along the way, which have a very very high probability get to be hit. Target number two is significantly lower probability at 44% but that is at $77,000. So I would be having a general area of interest somewhere around there upon continuation for Bitcoin. But in the short term, you know, Bitcoin is likely to play out a little bit of a sideways move. So I'm not looking for anything super significant to happen in the short term as of right now. With that said, I should also let you know that medicine is in their last month. Literally less than one month right now to sell their NFTts. Meaning that after this month, you can no longer get lifetime access to their signals. And if you've been following this channel now for, you know, 2, three years, you've been seeing these signals here and there. They've only gotten better over time. And well, we have another, in my opinion, decent winner right here, too. All right, so with that said, let's go into the general Bitcoin analysis. Looking at the Revan ribbons, this one always just gets my, you know, generalized thoughts incredibly well. And we can see here after reclaiming the bidband, which Bitcoin had been living under ever since, you know, January 18th when Bitcoin is trading at 93,000 bucks. Once it reclaimed that, we got a nice little rally. We got a nice little little rally perfectly to that red dotted area in the upper that first upper band. And I'm essentially looking for Bitcoin to kind of play between that dotted line area and the lower end of this upper band for this rally. And right now, Bitcoin's coming back down to test the edge of that of that upper band. And I'm essentially looking for Bitcoin to kind of crawl its way between there and like I said, that red dotted area, which is crawling its way up above about 74,300. That is effectively where Bitcoin did top out yesterday. And if Bitcoin does continue, you know, um probably does get a chance at 75 or 76,000 bucks. Uh this is however where I'm a little bit personally um uh I guess defensive against Bitcoin running away on this rally. Explain why a little bit later. But first things first, let's go over the next setup which does also um kind of govern our targets perhaps a little bit higher. And that is the pending setup right here. Sorry, it's not a pending. This one did actually fire off yesterday with that red 5 EMA and the yellow 21 EMA crossing to the upside. This is a corrective setup. Again, corrective in the context of this trend is, you know, still a downtrend, obviously. Um, but almost always we're going to get at least a minimum correction to the green moving average. That's the 55 EMA. And that is that 75,200. I think that's going to go uh that that's going to correlate quite well with the Revan ribbons over here as that is naturally going to be a generalized target. You know, if we kind of hold around these regions for, you know, maybe like 2 3 days, something like that. So, I would be keeping that in the back of my mind size like this rally likely isn't isn't done even in the short term until we see that number hit in the very very short term. Can Bitcoin go sideways for a day or two? Sure. Yeah. But basically, as long as Bitcoin's above yesterday's low, let it play out this bounce and you know, we do have targets higher. Like I said, 75,200 very, very likely if we go for the meta signal setup. 77,000 bucks a little bit less likely obviously, but you know, just areas of interest if Bitcoin does get there. Of course, on top of that, I do want to go over the fact that this rally, I'm not super like uh convinced that it's just going to run away to the upside and go, you know, back to 90,000 bucks or or 100,000 bucks. I think really at best, you know, we're going to see this rally top off at around 80,000 bucks. But even then, um you know, in the short term, I don't I don't think we're even going to see that. Uh when we go to the bi-weekly time frame, we can see that Bitcoin has wicked off of that red 5 EMA. That is kind of the trending EMA right there. So, it's hard for me to really be super optimistic about this rally as of this moment. That can obviously come a lot later if Bitcoin holds sideways here for, you know, a few more months, I would say. Uh, but for right now, you know, this rally has popped back up and tested some major moving averages. And I'm looking at that as likely to pull back on the first pass. And that's kind of what we're getting right here. Um, now when I say pull back on the first pass, I'm not saying it's going to reverse back down to zero or anything like this. No, I am effectively looking at this rally as still alive as long as we're above yesterday's low of 67,47 with those generalized targets in mind. Maybe maybe a move all all the way up to 80,000 bucks. Um but you know, upper 70s looking better and better I suppose. Um assuming Bitcoin can hold here. Now again going back into it and where did I leave off? Right here. There is one other major signal that would make me a lot more confident for the long term. Again, this is not something that's going to take off in the short term, but in, you know, in the long term, this would looks this would start to look pretty decent. And it is a signal that could confirm as soon as tomorrow, in fact, and it is the weekly stochastic oscillator, which is going to have a chance to cross the upside for the first time since the December bounce. And that is going to happen on what would be bullish divergence of Bitcoin closes tomorrow, Friday, above 65,500 again on CME. I'm checking my emails in the background. This like [ __ ] just blew up with 10 more emails. What the hell? I'm not that po I'm not that popular. What's going on? Who's hacked me? So, so yes, fair enough. Um, in this case, if we do see tomorrow close above that number again, I'm going to start to lean a little bit more into this like absolutely being a major low with likely at some point a move, you know, around 80,000 bucks. Maybe fills a gap here at like 81 82,000 bucks. Um, and then perhaps a long-term macro reversal. Uh but again it's going to take some time even if it does work out like I would really expect Bitcoin to kind of hang in this lower block between 80,000 bucks on the exact upper end versus about you know 58,000 bucks on the lower end um you know for for a couple months most likely. I mean Bitcoin has a beautiful history of doing exactly that whenever you do see a major especially a macro low you know many many months on the lows and a very very low volatility swing. But right now, we do have a pretty interesting setup right here. Potentially firing off as soon as tomorrow because we're very likely going to see the week the stocast also to turn up again on bullish divergence plus extreme fear reads on the pesto fear index, which by the way, this one's a part of the LTI indicator. I always get questions whenever I bring it up. Um, the LTI indicator obviously goes over my long-term investment sort of strategies, if you will. Uh, by the way, all of these things have 7-day free trials if they do have a month subscription, which they obviously do. Anyways, uh, so yeah, boom, boom, boom. We got that. We got that. um that would make me a lot more optimistic or lean into optimism for the long term if we get that closure tomorrow. But for right now, in the short medium-term, I'm just looking at sideways and likely a rangebound rally. Um I think at most we might get 80,000 bucks and even before then, you know, you're fighting off the bi-weekly 5 EMA right here and uh and also the 3WE um uh 55 as well right here, which actually perfectly at the top of this rally thus far. So, you know, don't think we're going to be seeing too much more and it very likely would be shortlived if Bitcoin does pop basically above this week's high. So, what am I trying to say? What I'm trying to say is in the short term, if you see a spike up above 75,000 bucks, especially, I think it's going to get pushed back on the, you know, on that on that next pull. Um, I don't think you're going to see like a [ __ ] runaway rally where Bitcoin goes to $90,000 plus and and remains above there um and puts in the reversal like in the short term here. This is a long-term thing, but uh but yes, if you're in the short term, I mean, that does offer up some nice scalping opportunities. Like I said, between 75 on the lower end to maybe like 80,000 bucks as as much as 80,000 bucks on the upright. I mean, we do have a nice little gap right here on CME. So, it is there to be fair. Um just uh just again, I wouldn't be getting too crazy with these things because I know anytime Bitcoin rallies like more than a few thousand bucks, people start talking about $200,000 again. And and maybe that happens over time, but not anytime soon in my opinion at least. Anyways, um let's get into the rest of this analysis here. Um let's see. Price stats. H probably should have gone over this early. There's been so many of these scalp opportunities on this indicator, but because I've recorded these videos a little bit later, like the opportunities kind of already happened before I get to it, honestly. Uh but here's the thing. I did make a big move in traditional markets. I mean, kind of because I did release a long-term my long-term investment portfolio video. This was maybe like 6 months ago. Uh maybe more than that now. maybe like more like eight months. It was around the beginning of last summer and there was a certain um ETF that I bought big in that portfolio. It was it was symbol REMX which is Rare Earth Minerals and Strategic U Metals ETF. And this one we caught at around $35 or at least that's where I got in. And I was saying, you know, this thing's very likely to put in a big move here to the upside, maybe even rechallenging these highs because it is back around those highs. I am starting to sell and I've sold and I've sold a lot. I'll probably end up selling the rest of it if we get an official test of those previous highs. I'm not saying that it can't go higher, that it can't have like a real reversal here because ultimately it does have a quarterly higher low in place, but I am expecting this one to take its time if it is going to do that at all. And so I'm not in a humongous rush to be holding on to these uh you know to to be holding on to these shares for forever. And I'm happy to sell into this region right here. And I can reposition lower if I so decide later. I'm completely fine as well with this thing just, you know, taking off and and doing his thing. I mean, sometimes, every once in a while, that does happen, but at the end of the day, the way that I see this is, hey, we got it at 35. It's about 3x up from that number. Can't get too [ __ ] greedy. Just take the money and run. You can always reposition later or put it somewhere else. Speaking of putting it somewhere else, there are a few names that I am looking to accumulate more during this tumultuous time with Iran, of course, and that is going to be in the defense sector naturally. I mean, doesn't take a [ __ ] genius to figure this one out. There's war. People need munitions. It is an existential threat to any country that is in the game, which if you're in America, you are absolutely in the game. Um, so what are you incentivized to do? You're incentivized to invest in your own defense, or at least your government should be. And the three major names that I'm looking to accumulate more of are names that I've called out before, are names that I've also bought before publicly on this channel, especially in those long-term investment videos. One of them would be a singular stock called Redcat. This one's been actually operating uh really really well as of recent. This one's um just soaked up these moves incredibly uh valiantly. It is back around its range highs for the monthly which is effectively 16 and 16 bucks and 17 sorry $16.70 is what I'm trying to say. It's a price action pivot right here. And uh and I would say any sort of a weekly closure above there would effectively confirm the next major mega breakout in which I expect this thing to you know not just make new highs but probably head up you know about I mean you're probably looking at like a 50% more or more move from that breakout. I mean [ __ ] uh my targets would be into the into the low 20s at minimum and so yeah from 16 or 17 bucks to even you know 25 that's already 50%. I think you at least get 22 on a breakout like that which is 30%. should have things really go where I think they're going at, you know, probably closer to 40, honestly. Uh, but ultimately, this one has just had a beautiful track record of putting in these higher lows after flipping that previous all-time high. And again, um, you know, I've I I just think a lot of this makes sense. You even see volume rising on this one as it does kind of retest those previous highs, typically a good sign. Now, I would reverse my position or or at least sell a lot of it. If it does take out this previous low here from February, that would be $10.80. If we see below there, I will take profits because of course, you know, we did get into this much much much much lower. Again, if you were following this channel and you had been uh paying attention to the long-term investment videos, this was one of the big ones. Actually, another big one uh that we're looking at was of course symbol ITA. This is another one that I'm looking to accumulate on whatever pullback that we're likely getting from here because this one is starting to put in some bearish divergence on the highs. I am not interested in in it currently. I am interested in it uh a little bit lower, you know, maybe around like uh this previous low that we saw from February. Um but I want to see the pullback happen first before I make any decisions, but it is certainly on my radar as the next major one to accumulate. And same thing for symbol SHLD over here. Um and by the way, same thing for Redcat as well. Like I'm not necessarily buying it at this exact price right here. I don't like to give out the exact prices that I'm buying at because use your [ __ ] brain. Obviously, there is no incentive for anyone to tell exactly what they're doing on YouTube. I can I can show you what I've already done. Um, but of course, you know, I'm not going to go over like exactly what I'm doing right here. Uh, I would be very skeptical of people who are also doing that to be honest with you. Um, but yes, you know, I can tell you what I am looking at. I just won't tell you the exact price that I'm going to be buying at for these things. I will show you, however, my, you know, my moves after I've been making them, of course. Anyways, um, uh, sorry, not symbol Kos, although I do love this one, but this one probably coming down uh, coming in a little bit lower. But like I said, symbol SHLD and ITA both looking for pullbacks here. You know, if it came back down for a gap fill, I'm probably a lot more interested there than I am as of current. But these things are on my radar to accumulate during these times. And uh and yeah, that's pretty much it for today. Um I don't know. We could go over quickly my most recent options trade. There's really no update here. Um this one so far so good, I suppose. Uh all we did here was just a simple short put spread, shorting the $61,000 uh put strike and longing the $59,000 put strike. I did this three to one in favor of the sell side because, you know, I was getting a lot of the signals I was waiting for in order to uh in order to take action here. And this one does have a maximum profit of $32,700, which I will lock in if Bitcoin just closes above $61,000 by March 27th. If it does that, lock in the full profit. All good. I'm not 100% guaranteed that that is going to work out, however, obviously. And the reason why I took that position is because there's a super obvious setup. The super obvious setup is this. If Bitcoin comes back down below that $65,000 low right here, which was the 1st of March low, then hey, I am more than happy to cover that position because I think that things are going lower. That's my invalidation for this move. You know, if Bitcoin takes out that low, I think we're going to see a five handle on price at that point. I'll cover that position. I'll still lock in the full profit that 32,700 or whatever it was and actually even lock in the difference between uh 63 and 61 um depending upon how many contracts I do which is probably going to be like 20 or 30. So yes, uh these are the positions that I love with options because there's just so many ways to manage it. There's so many ways to to to make money with options that you just don't have with spot or futures. And I am in the process of making an options 101 playlist. It's going to be very very similar to the TA 101 playlist. There's going to be quizzes. There's going to be like really inde-epth content and um and I'm putting a lot of effort into it right now. I really [ __ ] enjoy it though. You know, I don't need to be [ __ ] um what's it called? Like like cheer it on in order to do like I genuinely love options. This has really reignited my love for options as well. And I really just hope that people who are looking to learn options like they actually have a free resource to get it from. Now, of course, we go over these things in detail with examples in significantly more um depth in the Crown Trading Bible, but I understand not everyone has the funds for that. And also, not everyone has the time for that. And, you know, there are going to be some people out there who are extremely motivated, but just lacking equity. And that is where the free t uh the free uh options 101 playlist will come in because I do believe if you understand that, it'll be the very very fundamentals and basics. But if you even can just do that, you're you're going to be in a pretty good spot. Like I'll just tell you straight up, you're going to be in a pretty [ __ ] good spot. You should be quite competent at that point. At least that's my goal. Um competent enough to make consistent money. That is the real goal. Anyways, I think we'll sign off on that note. This video is going on a little bit longer than what uh I was anticipating. But again, Bitcoin, you know, I do think is is is ultimately doomed on this rally in that I don't think it's going to be a reversal rally in the short term. I think at best you get somewhere between 75 to, you know, 79 or or 80,000 bucks. But anything above 75,000 bucks, I would be expecting Bitcoin to pull back from there ultimately. Um, back down into range. And that's not a bad thing. Again, going sideways for a while. Good for Bitcoin. Traditional markets, a little bit different. Still looking kind of corrective there, especially on SPY. Actually, let's go quickly to SPY, just cuz I do want to cover this one as well. Um, this one, it still holds up against above my reversal point. It's still 6791. It has not closed below there yet, but it's gotten damn close. Here's the thing, though. I absolutely do need to see a closure below there before I can confidently call a at least short-term and medium-term reversal. But it should be known that if you know if SPY continues to remain below about 68.90 uh for today's closure especially you are going to have a silver cross to the downside and that's generally not going to be good. I mean [ __ ] last time we saw that was the last correction way on over here leading into the April dumpola party. So just something to be aware of. So, that's a little bit of an insight perhaps into the timing aspect that I'd be looking for to pick up um some of those new uh shares, you know, in those ETFs and stocks. Um I'd probably wait for this thing to correct first, assuming we even get that signal, but I suppose we don't need to wait that much longer. So, I will be patient. I'll be a patient little good boy. Hopefully getting some [ __ ] in tendies along the way. And we shall end things on that note. As always, want to wish you the best. Take care. Much love and see you hopefully Friday for another beautiful live