Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back into the cryptoverse. Today we're going to talk about Bitcoin and how it still really really feels like we live in a simulation. If you guys like the content, make sure you subscribe to the channel. Give the video a thumbs up and check out Into the Cryptoverse Premium at into the cryptoverse.com. What's fascinating about Bitcoin is how repetitive cycle behavior is. And every single time it's like, is this really going to happen again? And then sure enough, it happens again. And if if you watch the video a couple days ago, you know what where we were discussing this early March rally. We've been talking about it for a couple of weeks. And one of the reasons we've been talking about it is if you just look at the year-to- date ROI of Bitcoin and look at 2026 and you compare that to the average of prior midterm years and you add on one standard deviation from that average, we notice that Bitcoin was trading below where it normally does and that there's normally a little bit of an uptick in March after setting a low in February. And sure enough, without fail, it happened again. Now, what's really interesting is how much the cycle continues to resemble prior cycles, obviously without the euphoric blowoff top. Okay, so what we're going to look at here, the first thing to know, so so first of all, what did I say? Bare markets make fools of both bulls and bears. So, if you go into a bare market early on last year, it was tough, you know, sort of bringing you guys the bare market message when many didn't want to hear it. But it was easy to be a bear. It wasn't easy to be a bear back then. One of the reasons it was so easy to be a bear was because Q4 of the post having year when Bitcoin tops, right? All right, that's always when Bitcoin tops Q4 of every post having year. What you'll see is you have Q4 of 2013, Q4 of 2017, Q4 of 2021, and sure enough, Q4 of 2025. So being a bear back then wasn't as difficult because we knew kind of where we were in the cycle. But here's the thing about bare markets is again they make fools of both bulls and bears. For instance, if you panic sold Bitcoin on the first wick down in November, you probably felt like a fool if you sold it at 80K. you really felt like you made a mistake when it was trading back at $98,000, but then ultimately the floor dropped out and we went to 60K. So, what you'll see here is that the first low was at 80K and then the next low was at 60K, right? So, it's kind of interesting how this plays out, how we go down, we rally for a little bit, you completely wreck everyone who was selling late, and then after they've all fomoed back in, then you drop again, right? It's it's a classic move that Bitcoin does throughout bare markets. What's really interesting is how Bitcoin has topped in Q4 of every posth having year. Additionally, there tends to be a low formed in the month of February. Right? In the month of February, you form a low. Usually there, not always, but frequently there's two lows. Sometimes it's a lower low, sometimes it's a higher low, but they tend to occur in February. You get a low in early February and a low in late February. And then what happens? The first week of March, Bitcoin rallies. The first week of March, look at this. February 14th, February 25th, and then you go into the first week of March, Bitcoin tops, finds a lower high on March 3rd. Okay? And in this case on March 3rd, Bitcoin rallied on March 3rd. It rallied 20%. And then it faded until we hit a lower low in April. But do you see the pattern? Right? Do you see the pattern? You have lows in February, a high, a lower high, and then a lower low. And what you'll also see is that there was an earlier rally as well. You can see there was a low here in December. Bitcoin rallied up, got rejected, put in a lower high and came down. And so you could even connect the dots on these loosely and see that lower high structure throughout the entire bare market. You had an early low in the pre in the post having year after the euphoric top, right? A low early on. This is a high was no the high was dece or November, early December. You had a low about about a few weeks later. a a counter trend rally to a lower high, a low in February, another low in February, rally into the first week of March, capitulate into April. That is a recurring theme. I know it sounds complicated. It's not, right? It's really not. Look at this. 2017, a high in December, you come all the way down to February. You set your low February 6, you rally on up into March. When did it top? In early March. March 5th. Technically, it might have topped February 20th, but it still sort of came back up to the highs early March. For whatever reason, early March of the midterm year tends to be a good week, at least initially. So then you have March 2nd, the first time. Was it March 2nd or was it 3? I don't remember. So you have March 5th. This one over here was sorry, March 3rd. So March 3rd, you have March 5th. What do you guys think happened in 2022? It's a little different, but there's still some similarities. In this case, you had two lows. One was late January and then again late February. So still similar time frame. higher low rally on up local high on March 2nd. You see that? So that one was March 2nd and then we ended up sweeping that high by about what 7% or so by the end of March. Now there are some similarities actually between the 2022 bare market and the 2026 bare market. It might not feel like it, but there are. You could argue that we didn't top on euphoria this cycle. But one counterpoint to that in compar if you think that we can't compare it to 2022 because of that. If you think about it, the 2021 late 21 high was not a euphoric top. The euphoric top was what happened in April. Late November was more of a non-uporic top, right? It wasn't as nearly as euphoric. In fact, a lot of the indicators would have suggested that April was in fact the top. So in this case what's interesting is you had a low and then on this second higher low do you guys remember what happened then Russia Ukraine you guys remember that was what February of 2022 now look here similar setup have an initial low what's the second low correspond to US Iran See that? You see how similar it is? Now look what happened back then. Bitcoin sold off and then guess what? On on March 2nd, it found a high, came back down, swept the high, went lower into April and May, and then lower into June. But what you'll notice is that without fail, February tends to mark a low. Late January, late February, that's normally when markets find a low for a little while in midterm years. Here's February 2018. You see that low right there? And then you can see February 2014. It's the same thing, right? It's crazy because it's like so simple, but yet it just plays out over and over and over again. And I've seen some comments like people are are are, you know, fomoing in and and being like, you know, but you said it was a bare market. Yeah, but I think it is a bare market. But in bare markets, you get some pretty great rallies. In fact, some of the best rallies, some of the most sort of face ripping rallies occur in bare markets. In 2014, when Bitcoin dropped, you know, to $400 by February and then it rallied back up to 670. Did that mean the bare market was over? No. Found a top in June. It went lower in April, found a top in June, and then bled out for the rest of the year. When Bitcoin went to 5,800 in February of 2018, was that the low? No. Rallied, came back down, and eventually dropped later in the year. In 2022, when it found this low in February, was that the low? No. We rallied into March and then we came back down as the year went on. So, this is a recurring pattern for Bitcoin, right? It tends to play out and it's difficult because you can advertise it a thousand different ways and a thousand different times. Doesn't matter when it happens. If people feel like they missed out, they're going to get upset. But this is the way bare markets go. This is the way bare markets go. We suggested that some of the main resistance levels for Bitcoin, look, I don't know where it's gonna top. Okay? So, don't go find the uh the TA guys. I don't know where it's going to top. All I will say is that, you know, we mentioned 74 as one potential resistance level. That doesn't mean it can't go above 74. Usually, my line in the sand in bare markets is not really expecting it to go much above the bull market support band. Um, which is still in that's up in the 80s. So, I'm not going to sit here and try to figure out where exactly the high is going to be. There's also the other pattern and and I I'm only bringing it up just in case. Um, many people have sort of equated the move that we're potentially in right now. What if it's like this move here where you get a wick down and then you start to go up and then you just sell off again? There's a chance that happens. In fact, if you zoom in, what you'll notice is that Bitcoin dropped. It rallied and then it put in a higher low and then it got a really big rally. It actually went up seven to eight% in a single day. It went up 7.71%. Hovered there for a day, came back down, went up again, and then capitulated down. Now, today, how much is Bitcoin up? 7%. Okay, so these moves are normal even in bare markets. They're absolutely normal. And what I would argue is the line in the sand. Like I would say the sort of the best case scenario for a counter trend rally is to go to the bare market resistance band. But you don't know when that's going to occur. I mean you could have thought we were going to go to the bare market resistance band back in May of 2022 when it was at you know 35,000 but then Bitcoin it started to go and then it just capitulated again and then by the time it hit it Bitcoin was at 20K you know. So like yes, will it hit the resistance band at some point again this bare market? Yeah, we don't know if it's going to be in the 80s. What if it hits it in the 70s later on or if in the 60s and if in like four four months or something? We don't know. But the point is is on average when you look at the year-to- date ROI of Bitcoin, this is what it does. It finds a low in February and then it rallies into March. And what's interesting is on average, Bitcoin is about 15 to 16% below the yearly open on March 4th. 1516% below the yearly open. Where was the yearly open for Bitcoin? It's a great question. I'm glad you asked it. Where was the yearly open? It was at around 87.5. 87.5. Now 15% below 87.5 is exactly where the price just went. Exactly. Right. So Bitcoin is literally doing what it always does at this point in midterm years. This is the collective move that Bitcoin has. In fact, you can look at every individual year and see what I'm talking about. right? Like you can all you have to do let's reload the page here. Let's get a clean page. Um let's look at 2026. Now compared to 2014 look at this. This is exactly what it did. Rallied up, capitulated down, rallied up into early March, stalled out, went down. Same pattern. Okay, look at 2018. In 2018, this is basically exactly the year-to- date ROI of Bitcoin. where it is today is where it was back then relative to the yearly open. In fact, you can see it popped up initially, sold off into February, rallied up into March, and then as we got into April, it came back down. Now, look at 2022. Similar, right? You sell off, you rally back up. This rally lasted a little longer, but it still eventually fell off. So, it feels like we live in a simulation. And you know, the things that I struggle with are just dealing with everyone else's emotions about this stuff. I mean, I see the comments. People are like, "Oh, you know, the bull market's back on and and I'm Ben's wrong." But this is what always happens, you know, and is there a chance I'm wrong and it's the start of a new bull market? Yeah, I mean, anything's possible, but it's not my base case. It's not my base case. I I I think it's most likely going to get rejected um in March. I think Bitcoin will form that lower high and then it will go lower and you can already see the lower highs sort of the structure is is being put in place. You can see the lower lows uh and you can see the lower highs that are already that are already starting to form and then that's what usually kind of characterizes the uh sort of that bare market where that where that is and then eventually it breaks out, right? Eventually it breaks out and then we start a new bull market. But these are this is something that always happens with Bitcoin. and you sort of form a channel and then it just stays in that channel for a while. Not going to edit it out. Um, we don't have time for editing videos, right? No one's got time for that. So, those are my thoughts on the market. Maybe you agree, maybe you disagree. And I haven't told you guys what the narrative was going to be. I even said I even said the ISM's going to probably come in hot and then everyone's going to lose their mind and then up we go and then you're going to have something form a little bit later on in a few weeks. Maybe it's a bad labor market print. Maybe it's something else. I don't know. And and then we're going to come back down and then everyone's going to forget about this narrative. Everyone already forgot about the narrative a few weeks ago, right? You guys remember the uh the Jane Street narrative or whatever it was? Everyone forgot about that. That was that was this little rally right here that got sold right back off. Um, and then I think everyone will forget this rally in a few weeks as well. So, look, those are my views. Love it or hate it, that's what I think is going to happen in the market. Um, and at least I've provided why I think it's going to happen. I I think that, you know, the macro headwinds remain intact for Bitcoin. There's we're still not looking at lower rates. While QT ended, you're not really seeing the money printers turn back on aggressively yet. I think that this is likely going to continue for a while longer and then later this year we should hopefully find a more durable low in the market. There is a chance you could have a low earlier depending on how drop how deep the next drop is. Okay. Um like if if you look at the price labels, this was 80, this was 60. If the next one's 40, that might be it. You know, I'm not going to sit here and say it has to go lower than that. I mean, it could, but there's plenty of indicators that would have already triggered by that point suggesting that the bare market might be over by then. Um, but yeah, this is where we are. I I hope you guys enjoy the content. If you do, make sure you subscribe, give the video a thumbs up, check out ITC Premium at end of the cryptoverse.com, and you can also check out the new website, benjamincan.com. We'll put out another macro memo report uh here in in just about 11 days or so. So, make sure you guys check that out. If you want to sign up for that, you can do so at that website. And you can also reach out for other for other inquiries that you might have. But we'll go ahead and wrap it up there. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe, and I'll see you guys next time. Bye.