This indicator measures pressure,
bullish pressure versus bearish
pressure. This is one of the most
powerful indicators on Trading View that
can effectively help you know if the
price is going to go up or down. I will
teach you a trading strategy based on
this indicator. So, make sure you watch
this video until the end and let's get
started. Before I add the indicator, if
you like my content, please support the
channel by liking the video and
subscribing to my channel if you haven't
subscribed yet. All right. On trading
view platform here, click on indicators
and search red K trader pressure index.
This one which is an editor specs
indicator and written by red K trader.
All right. This is the indicator and as
you can see it is added here below the
chart. As I said this indicator measures
bullish and bearish pressure in the
market. As you know in the market there
is always a fight between buyers and
sellers which on one hand buyers push
the price up and on the other hand
sellers push the price down. So as a
trader if you can determine at any given
time who is in control. So you would be
able to say with high probability which
direction the price is likely to go.
This indicator considers this fact to
help us know who has the upper hand in
the market, buyers or sellers. This is
actually what this indicator is trying
to tell us. Before I start explaining
the indicator and how you can interpret
it, I'm proud to announce that I have
published a book, The Art of Price
Action Trading, which is a complete
guide to price action analysis. The link
is in the description and you can get it
later if you want to master price action
trading. All right, let's see what we
have here. This green area shows bullish
pressure and the red area shows bearish
pressure. So when we have green area, it
tells us that we have more pressure from
buyers and when we have red area, it
tells us that we have more pressure from
sellers. We have also a white line here
which is net pressure which is bearish
pressure subtracted from bullish
pressure. You can consider it as an
average pressure in the market. Unlike
the green area and red area that are
above zero, this white line is moving
above and below zero. When the white
line is above zero, there is higher
buying pressure in the market. And in
times that the white line is below zero,
there is higher selling pressure in the
market. All right. Now, I want to teach
you a trading strategy based on this
indicator. we need to change the
settings. So the indicator will be
optimized for our trading strategy. Here
we go to the settings of the indicator.
And here for the average length we set
it at 30. And then here for smoothing we
set it at 15. Here for control level 30
is okay. And here we turn on press
smoothing and we set it at five. And
finally, we go to the style tab and we
remove the net pressure line because we
don't need it. All right, we're done
with the settings of this indicator. And
now we need to add another indicator
which we're going to use it in our
trading strategy. So here again we click
on indicators and we search double MACD.
We add this one SK double MACD which is
written by CIRES. All right, we need to
change its settings. So here we go to
the settings of the indicator to adjust
the settings for our trading strategy.
This indicator gives us two MACDs. One
with longer length and the other with
shorter length. We use the MAC with
longer length for identifying longerterm
trend of the market and we use the MACD
with shorter length for identifying
shorter term trends or momentum changes
in the market. We need to change their
settings here for the longer MACD. Here
for the fast length we set it at 100.
For the slow length we set it at 200.
And here for the signal smoothing we set
it at 50. And then here for the shorter
MAC. Here for the fast length we set it
at 34. For the slow length we set it at
144. And here for signal smoothing we
set it at 9. And finally we go to the
style tab. And here for the shorter
MACDI, we change the appearance to
histogram. All right, we're done with
the settings of these two MACD's. And
now let me teach you how you can find
accurate buy sell signals by the help of
these indicators.
All right, as I explained, this
indicator gives a measure of buying or
selling pressure in the market. Green
area shows buying pressure and red area
shows selling pressure. Here we have a
dashed line which is at 30 and this is
our control level. We are interested in
times that the green area or red area go
above the dashed line. When the area
passes the 30 level, it shows that now
we have considerable pressure in that
direction. And here we have two MACD's.
One with longer settings, which is the
one at the back, the one that changes
color between red and green. We use this
MACD for longerterm trends of the
market. And the other MACD has shorter
length. This one in the front, the one
that changes color between orange and
blue. And we use this MACD for midterm
trends or momentum changes in the
market. In this trading strategy, in the
first step, we start with the longer
MACD. As I said, it is used for
identifying longerterm trends of the
market. When it is red, the market is
trending down and when it is green, the
market is trending up. So the point of
histogram changing can be a signal for
starting of a new trend. In the next
step we look at the shorter MACD. This
MACD should also be above the center
line. In fact because this MACD has
shorter length before the changing point
of the longer MAC earlier than this the
shorterterm MACD is already above the
center line. But at this point when the
longer MACD goes above the center line
at that moment we want the shorter MACD
to be also above the center line. The
whole of this situation shows that in a
longerterm perspective we have a signal
that shows the trend has changed from
downtrend to an uptrend and in a
shorterterm perspective the midterm
trend is also up and we have upside
momentum in midterm perspective. The
final confirmation is bullish pressure.
We should have green area and it should
be above 30. When we have three of these
situations at the same time, the
starting of an uptrend is confirmed. In
other words, the buy signal here is
confirmed. So in practice, we could
enter a long position at this point with
the stop loss below the previous swing
low and profit target at risk-to-reward
ratio of two. This was a long position
setup. And now let me teach you a short
position setup.
In the first step, our focus is on
longer MACD. When the histogram goes
below the center line and it becomes
red, it is a signal that probably a
downtrend is forming on the chart. When
this happened, we want the shorter MACD
to also be below the center line. This
situation shows that in a longerterm
perspective, we have a signal that a
downtrend has probably started. And in a
shorterterm perspective, it is also
supported by this MACD that the midterm
trend is also down. For the final
confirmation, we want bearish pressure.
Here in this indicator, we should have
red area and it should be above 30. When
we have three of these situations at the
same time, the downtrend is confirmed.
So in practice, we could enter a short
position at this point. And you can see
that this trade was also a profitable
trade. All right, let me show more
examples. So you better understand
following this downtrend. You can see
that here the longer MACD went above the
center line and became green giving us a
signal that probably an uptrend is
starting. The shorter MACD is also above
the center line. So supporting the
formation of an uptrend. And here we can
see that we have a bullish pressure
because the area is green and it is
above 30. So the buy signal here is
confirmed and in practice we could enter
a long position at this point with the
stop loss below the previous swing low
and profit target at a risk-to-reward
ratio of two and you can see that this
trade was also a profitable trade where
the price advanced up to this point. All
right, moving on the chart here you can
see that the longer MACD went below the
center line and became red. The shorter
MACD is also below the center line but
look at this indicator. It doesn't show
bearish pressure with the condition that
we need. So this sell signal here is
rejected and you can see that it was a
correct rejection. All right. Here you
can see that the longer MAC went above
the center line and became green. The
shorter MACD is also above the center
line. And when we check this indicator,
we can see that we have bullish pressure
and the line is above 30. So the buy
signal here is confirmed. And in
practice, we could enter a long position
at this point. And this is also a
profitable trade as you can see. But
look at this sell signal here. You can
see that the longer MACD went and became
red. The shorter MAC is also below the
center line. And when we check this
indicator, we can see that the area is
red. So we have bearish pressure and it
is also above 30. So we have a confirmed
sell signal here. But this was a false
signal. As you can see, the price didn't
turn down after this. And this is the
important point that you must pay
attention. This trading strategy doesn't
give you guaranteed signals and losing
positions are always part of the game
and you need to manage your risk. There
is a riskmanagement strategy that is
called 1% roll and it is one of the best
risk management strategy that you can
use. I have a complete guide on this.
The link is also placed in the
description and I highly recommend you
to watch it now because without a proper
risk management you cannot become a
consistently profitable trader. All
right, that's it. Thank you for watching
this video. If you have any questions,
feel free to ask and leave a comment for
me. I'll answer your questions as soon
as possible. If you haven't subscribed
to my channel, please subscribe and hit
the bell so you get the notifications of
my new video. See you guys in next video
and good luck with your trading.