You're going to learn perfect EMA
settings and then a very accurate
trading strategy that makes consistent
profit. Just make sure you watch this
video until the end and let's get
started. Before we start, if you like my
content, please support the channel by
liking the video and subscribing to my
channel if you haven't subscribed yet.
All right, we need to add five
exponential moving averages with some
special settings and combination. Here
we click on indicators and we search
ribbon. This one moving average ribbon.
This indicator gives you four moving
averages and then later I will add
another EMA. We need to change the
settings of these moving averages. So
here we go to the settings of the ribbon
and first we change the type of moving
averages to EMA because as I said we
need exponential moving averages.
Then here for the first EMA we set the
length at five. For the second EMA we
also set the length at five. And for the
first EMA here for the source of
calculation we set it to high. And for
the second EMA it should be based on
low. So here we have two EMAs with the
same length of five. One based on high
and the other based on low. All right.
For the third EMA we set the length at
100. And for this EMA, we also set the
length at 100. For the third EMA here,
for the source of calculation, we set it
based on high. And for this one, it
should be based on low. We need to
change their colors for better tracking
them on the price chart. For the EMAs
with length of five, we set the color to
white. And for the EMAs with length of
100, we set the color to green. And
finally, we go to the style tab and we
increase the thickness of the moving
average lines so they will be better
visible on the price chart.
All right, we're done with the settings
of these four exponential moving
averages. And now we need to add another
EMA. So here again we click on
indicators and we search EMA. We add
this one moving average exponential. And
for this one we also need to change its
settings. So here we go to the settings
of this EMA and first here in the inputs
tab here for the length we set it at 200
and then here in the style tab we change
the color to orange and we also increase
the thickness of the line so we can
better see it on the price chart. All
right, we're also done with the settings
of this EMA and now let me teach you how
you can find accurate buy or sell
signals based on these exponential
moving averages with the settings that
we made. But before that, I'm proud to
announce that I have published a book,
The Art of Price Action Trading, which
is a complete guide to price action
analysis. The link is in the
description, and you can get it later if
you want to master price action trading.
All right, let's see how we trade based
on these EMAs. First of all, this is a
reversal trading strategy, which means
that we are trying to catch the starting
of a new trend. And these EMAs with the
settings that we made will help us to
find the reversal points of the market.
This orange line here is an EMA with
length of 200. And we're going to use it
for trend identification. These two
green lines here are EMA with length of
100 based on high and low. And we're
going to use it for identifying
pullbacks. From now we call it green
channel. And these two white lines here
are EMA with length of five based on
high and low. And we're going to use
them for identifying end of the
pullbacks and buy sell signals. From now
we call it white channel. All right. Now
let me explain how we trade based on
these EMAs.
In the first step we want crossing of
the price above or below this orange
line. So at first our focus is on the
orange line. For example, here you can
see that the price from above the orange
line went below the orange line. As I
mentioned earlier, we use the orange
line for trend identification. When the
price is above the orange line, we
consider the market as trending up and
when the price is below the orange line,
we consider that the market is trending
down. So the crossing of the price above
or below the orange line can be a signal
for starting of a new trend. For
example, here you can see that the price
crossed below the orange line. So this
is a signal that probably a downtrend is
going to start. But we don't trade only
based on this. Still too risky to enter
a trade based on this signal and we need
more confirmation to have higher
probability that a downtrend is really
happening. In the next step, we want the
white channel to completely go below the
orange line. For example, at this point
from here when these candles are closed,
you can see that the white channel is
completely below the orange line. In the
next step, our focus is again on the
price action on the candles. I mean, we
want pullback of the price to the green
channel. So now our focus is on the
green channel and we want at least
touching of the price in the green
channel. So until now after having the
price below the orange line and also
having the white channel completely
below the orange line now we have
pullback of the price to the green
channel. In the next step we want to
know when this pullback is ended so we
can enter a trade. For this purpose our
focus would be on the price action the
candles and the white channel. We wait
for a candle that has closed below the
white channel. When this happened, it
shows that probably the pullback ended
and there is a possibility for further
decline of the price. So here the sell
signal is confirmed and in practice we
could enter a short position at this
point with the stop loss above the green
channel and profit target at
risk-to-reward ratio of two. This was a
short position setup where we identified
starting of a new downtrend. And now let
me teach you a long position setup which
is where we identify starting of an
uptrend.
All right. Here we want crossing of the
price above the orange line. This is a
signal that probably an uptrend is
forming. But as I said we never trade
only based on this and we need more
confirmation that a reversal is really
happening in the market. In the next
step, we want crossing of the white
channel also above the orange line. You
can see that from here when these
candles are closed, the white channel is
completely above the orange line. Now in
the next step, we want pullback of the
price to the green channel. We want at
least touching of the green channel by
the price. You can see that it didn't
happen here. So this is not the pullback
that we want. In practice, this could be
a pullback and after that advancing of
the price. But we stick to the rules of
this trading strategy to decrease our
risk as much as possible. So in this
trading strategy, we want a deeper
pullback where the price at least
touches the green channel like what
happened here. So now we can go to the
next step and wait for a signal that
shows end of the pullback. In a long
position setup, we wait for a candle
that has closed above the white channel.
When this happened, it shows end of the
pullback and further advancing of the
price is probable to happen. So here the
buy signal is confirmed and in practice,
we could enter a long position at this
point with the stop loss below the green
channel and profit target at
risk-to-reward ratio of two. And you can
see that this trade was also a
profitable trade where the price
advanced up to this point. Let me show a
few more examples so you completely
understand this trading strategy.
All right. Here you can see that the
price went below the orange line and
after that the white channel is also
completely below the orange line. Now we
wait for a pullback of the price to the
green channel. You can see that it
happened here. And after that you can
see that this candle is closed below the
white channel and this shows end of the
pullback. So the sell signal here is
confirmed and in practice we could enter
a short position at this point with the
stop loss above the green channel and
profit target at risk to reward ratio of
two. All right, moving on the chart you
can see that here the price went above
the orange line and after that the white
channel is also completely above the
orange line and in the next step we wait
for the pullback of the price to the
green channel. You can see that it
happened here and at this point you can
see that we got a candle that is closed
above the white channel. So the buy
signal here is confirmed and in practice
we could enter a long position at this
point with the stop loss below the green
channel and profit target at
risk-to-reward ratio of two. And this
trade is also a profitable trade. You
can see that the price advanced up to
this point. All right, following this
uptrend, we're trying to catch a
downside reversal of the price. Here you
can see that the price went below the
orange line. And after that, the white
channel also below the orange line. And
here you can see that we got pullback of
the price to the green channel. And
after that, at this point, we got a
candle that has closed below the white
channel. So the sell signal here is
confirmed. And we could enter a short
position at this point with the stop
loss above the green channel and profit
target at riskto-reward ratio of two.
And this is also a profitable trade. As
you can see following the downtrend here
you can see that we got crossing of the
price above the orange line. And after
that you can see that the white channel
is also completely above the orange
line. And here we got pullback of the
price to the green channel. And now we
want to wait for a signal that shows end
of the pullback. Here you can see that
we got a candle that has closed above
the white channel. And this shows that
probably the pullback ended and the
price is going to advance more. So here
the buy signal is confirmed and we could
enter a long position at this point with
the stop loss below the green channel
and profit target at risk-to-reward
ratio of two. Please pay attention that
this trading strategy will not give you
guaranteed signals. There is no trading
strategy with 100% win rate. This is not
possible and you need to manage your
risk properly so you can minimize the
effect of your losing positions. 1% role
risk management is the best risk
management strategy that is recommended
by professional traders. I have a
complete guide on this. The link is also
placed in the description and I highly
recommend you to watch it now because
without a proper risk management, you
cannot become a consistently profitable
trader. All right, that's it. Thank you
for watching this video. If you have any
questions, feel free to ask and leave a
comment for me. I'll answer your
questions as soon as possible. If you
haven't subscribed to my channel, please
subscribe and hit the bell so you get
the notifications of my new video. See
you guys in next video and good luck
with your trading.