This indicator is awesome. It gives you
impulse signal where the momentum is
suddenly increasing and a breakout is
probably going to happen. This is one of
the best indicators on trading view for
scalping strategies and day trading
strategies. So it's suitable for time
frames like 1 minute, 5 minutes, 15
minutes up to 1 hour. This indicator can
be used for any type of trading
strategies whether it is trend following
strategy, reversal strategy or breakout
trading strategy because it gives you a
signal when there is a sudden increase
of momentum in the market. I will
completely explain this indicator and
how you can use it in trading. So, make
sure you watch this video until the end
and let's get started. Before I add the
indicator, if you like my content,
please support the channel by liking the
video and subscribing to my channel if
you haven't subscribed yet. All right,
on Trading View platform here, we click
on indicators and we search BB impulse
indicator. This one which is written by
Lazy Bayer. All right, this is the
indicator and as you can see it is added
here below the chart. As you can see, we
have a histogram and the bars are
sometimes above the center line and
sometimes below the center line with
different colors. As you can see, this
indicator is built based on Ballinger
bands and it is created by John
Ballinger who's the one created the
Ballinger bands. If we go to the
settings of the indicator, you can see
that we have settings for length and
multiplier. similar to Ballinger bands
and similarly by default the length is
set at 20 and the multiplier is set at
two. We don't change this because this
is optimized for most of trading
strategies. But here we have another two
settings which are alert level which is
set at 24 and impulse level which is set
at 04. Before I close the settings here
we go to the style tab and here we
change the histogram to columns. So the
bars will be better visible on the price
chart. All right. So this dashed line
here is alert level which is set at 24
and this solid line here is impulse
level which is set at 04. So depending
on the size of the bar if the bar passes
the alert level or impulse level we can
have a signal about increase of
momentum. when the bar passes the alert
level the dashed line it is alert signal
that the momentum is probably going to
increase and when the bar passes the
impulse level the solid line here it is
impulse signal and it tells us that we
had a sudden increase of momentum in the
market but not any impulse signal means
that the price is going to further move
in that direction for example for this
impulse signal that we had here which is
a downside signal you can see that the
price didn't go down considerably. But
for this impulse signal that we had
here, which is an upside signal, the
price advanced after that considerably.
So the context of the signal is
important. All that the impulse signal
is telling us is that we had a sudden
increase of momentum. But deciding on if
the context confirms further movement of
the price after that needs more
analysis, which I explain it now. But
before that, I'm proud to announce that
I have published a book, The Art of
Price Action Trading, which is a
complete guide to price action analysis.
The link is in the description and you
can get it later if you want to master
price action trading. All right, getting
back to the indicator. So, as I said,
when we have impulse signal, it only
tells us that in that time period, we
had considerable increase of momentum.
But it doesn't mean that definitely
after that the price is going to further
move in that direction like this case
here which is not worth of trading. But
this one here for this signal it was
definitely worth of trading because you
can see that the price advanced after
that considerably. Two of the main
situations where you may get a false
signal like this is when a reversal is
happening in the market like this case
here and another one is when a pullback
happens in the market especially deeper
pullbacks. First let me explain reversal
situation and then I will explain
pullback situation. In times that a
reversal is happening in the market. It
is very common to have exhaustion move
which is a sudden increase of momentum
alongside with sharp advancing or
decline of the price and usually with
high amount of volume. During this
downtrend when we identify that the
current trend is down when we got a
bearish signal like this. The first
thing that comes to mind is that this
was a pullback and the pullback ended
now and the price is going to decline
more like these bearish signals here. So
you must have a reversal identification
in your system even when you're using a
trend following strategy so you can
avoid false signals like this where a
reversal is happening in the market. One
good measure for probability of a
reversal is divergence. Let's add RSI to
our chart. This one relative strength
index and see if RSI is showing any
divergence or not. You can see that
following this downtrend where the price
was making lower highs and lower lows
here when the price made lower low you
can see that RSI made higher low. This
is a bullish divergence and it tells us
that probably a reversal is going to
happen. So at this point when we got
this bearish signal we don't enter a
trade because there is a probability of
reversal in the market. Even in terms of
price action where the price is in this
range. You can see that when this signal
happened the price couldn't break the
previous low and here tight
consolidation. Just see how many candles
inside the body of this candle. After
that a downside gap but not any
considerable momentum as you can see. So
here we could easily avoid this false
signal. But here for this bullish signal
that we have here, this is happening
following a bullish divergence. And it
tells us that now we have a sudden
increase of momentum, increase of upside
momentum. But we need more confirmation.
We can use price action concept for
further confirmation. For a bullish
divergence, we mark the high of the
pattern and we wait to see if the price
can break above this high or not.
Because if this high is broken, which is
the last lower high following this
downtrend, it tells us that the
structure of the downtrend is already
broken. So even higher probability now
to have a reversal and starting of an
uptrend. Here you can see that this
candle is closed above this high level.
So the reversal here is confirmed and in
practice we could enter a long position
at this point. And you can see how the
price turned to an uptrend after that
making this position very profitable.
All right. So now you learn how you can
avoid false signals that are happening
during reversal situation of the market.
But as I said we can also have these
kinds of impulse signals during
pullbacks. And now let me teach you how
you can avoid them and instead take high
probability signals inside a trend.
First let me close RSI and then we add
another indicator. Here we click on
indicators and we search MACD. This one
moving average convergence divergence
and we need to change its settings. So
here we go to the settings of MACD. And
first here in the inputs tab for the
fast length we set it at 100. For the
slow length we set it at 200. And here
for signal length we set it at 50. And
then we go to the style tab and we
remove MACD line and signal line because
we only need the histogram for
identifying trends of the market. So we
can further validate the signals to be
sure that they are happening in the same
direction with the current trend of the
market. This MACD with the settings that
we made will help us with trend
identification. When the MACD histogram
is above the center line and green, the
market is in an uptrend. And when the
MACD histogram is below the center line
and red, the market is in a downtrend.
So when the MACD histogram is above the
center line and green, we only focus on
bullish signals. We don't take bearish
signals because they are against the
current trend of the market. So when
MACD histogram is green, the focus is on
bullish signals. But we don't trade only
based on this because as I said this
shows that we had increased momentum in
this time period. But entering a trade
depends on the context. At the moment
the trend is up. So the first condition
is okay. But what about the price
action? You can clearly see that the
price is in a tight consolidation period
here like this. And although we had
sudden increase of momentum here in this
candle but the price couldn't break the
previous high. And even after that there
is no upside break of the price. And
then here the price went down. But we
don't pay attention to this breakout or
these bearish signals that we have here
because they are against the longerterm
trend of the market. So here we could
easily avoid this false signal that we
had here. If we entered only based on
this that would be a losing position.
But with price action analysis we didn't
enter any long position here at this
point. All right, moving on the chart
here. You can see that we had a bullish
signal. But what about the price action?
You can clearly see that the price is in
a tight consolidation period like this.
And at this point where we had a sudden
increase of momentum in this candle, the
price didn't break the high. But later
after that here, you can see that the
price could successfully close above
this level. So the buy signal here is
confirmed. And in practice, we could
enter a long position at this point. And
you can see that this was a profitable
trade here. Another long position signal
happened at this point. And when we
check the price action, we can see that
the price is in a consolidation period.
In this period, when we had this
increase of momentum, the price didn't
break above this range until here where
we got a candle that is closed above the
high of the range. So in practice, we
could enter a long position at this
point. And this is also a profitable
trade as you can see. And we do this
similarly when the MACD histogram is
below the center line and red. This
indicator is a perfect choice for
breakout trading strategies, especially
breakout during trends that can provide
you low-risk trading opportunities. But
please pay attention that you need to
manage your risk properly because losing
positions are always part of the game
and you cannot avoid all of your false
signals. There is a riskmanagement
strategy that is called 1% roll and it
is one of the best risk management
strategy that you can use. By the help
of this risk management, you can
minimize the effect of your losing
positions and make consistent profit in
the long run. I have a complete guide on
this. The link is also placed in the
description and I highly recommend you
to watch it because without a proper
risk management, you cannot become a
consistently profitable trader. All
right, that's it. Thank you for watching
this video. So, if you have any
questions, feel free to ask and leave a
comment for me. I'll answer your
questions as soon as possible. If you
haven't subscribed to my channel, please
subscribe and hit the bell so you get
the notifications of my new videos. See
you guys in next video and good luck
with your trading.