S&P 500 and gold leading the major correction or perhaps beginning the major correction that I think many people have been waiting for and Bitcoin hanging in there in which I've actually taken my next major trade. It might go absolutely terribly for me. I'll discuss exactly what that looks like a little bit later, how I'll be managing that. Essentially what I'm looking for on Bitcoin as Bitcoin actually is starting to really look like it wants to put in a base here. But before that, I should let you know that we actually do have the TA one-on-one, the brand new, I should say, TA one-on-one playlist completely live, completely free, and it is available to you in the link in the description below. It comes with quizzes, comes with even a certificate of completion if you get there, to be fair. It is actually rather long, but it is available again in that teachable link in the description below, 100% free, it's a TA one-on-one playlist. All right, cool. Let's start it off with Bitcoin. Bitcoin has done something for the first time in almost about two months here, which is significant, and that is reclaiming the mid-band, the mid-band is what I'm trying to say, on the Reven Ribbons Indicator. Ever since January, mid-January right here, where I lost that mid-band at $93,000, Bitcoin has been just generally down, generally sideways, and very fucking ugly to be quite frank. And as of yesterday's closure, it actually reclaimed that same mid-band right here, which was the beginning of a potential reversal. Now, in order to complete the reversal, a few more things need to happen, obviously, but this was like the first piece of the puzzle in order to make that a possibility in which I actually took my next major options trade. So let me go through what that options trade looks like, then we'll go into more detail on the Bitcoin's analysis here, and we'll discuss why this might actually blow up in my face pretty nastily. Anyways, this is the same trade that I've been kind of postulating for quite some time now. Over the past, I would say three weeks or so, I've been patiently waiting for this. And when it comes to options, I'm very, very happy to be as patient as possible, because you almost always do get your opportunity at a perfect setup, or at least a beautiful setup. You just have to wait. And in this case, what I did here is I shorted a put spread expiring around the end of this month, around the end of March, I should say. I shorted the $61,000 put strike expiring March 27th, 30 times. And then I longed the $59,000 put strike on March 20th, 10 times. So a three to one spread right there. There is a super easy way for me to manage in this. And while I'm not so confident, this is actually going to work out in my favor, or it might go underwater at some point, assuming Bitcoin closes above at least $61,000 by end of March or March 27th, more accurately said, then I will lock in a maximum profit of $32,700, which with a potential maximum loss of infinity. Great setup right there. Actually, to be honest, I do quite like that setup. Now, going into the actual price action here, the reason why I took this setup is a couple of fold one, because we do see that there is a potential higher or low in place for Bitcoin. And Bitcoin obviously did close above the Reven Ribbons mid-band over here. So to me, that was an actionable signal. And again, not because it's 100% guaranteed to work out because there's a super obvious invalidation point. And with options, I can be wrong on this trade and still make money. I'll show you why in a second. But basically, this trade, again, requires, as it stands right now, requires me or requires Bitcoin to remain above $61,000 minimum by end of March in order for that to pull in the full maximum profit. And if Bitcoin comes back down below last Friday's low, which is a beautiful invalidation just under $63,000, I would be happy to cover that position by shorting Bitcoin equal to the amount of short put contracts that I have out there. Now, what is that actually going to do? Well, one, if Bitcoin comes back down below last Friday's low, that would be my confirmation that Bitcoin is going to be going probably much lower, you know, probably with a big five handle on there. And so I will cover that position by shorting the underline and I'll actually still lock in this profit by end of month, assuming Bitcoin actually at that point stays below $63,000 and I'll actually even lock in the difference between the $63,000 strike and $61,000. So it'll actually be, you know, it'll actually be a little bit more than this if that even happened. So that's why I love options. That's why I love positions like this, not because my initial position is meant to, you know, work out to perfection, although the past few have, you know, done pretty down well. If you've been watching this channel out for a lot for, for about three, four months since it started showing these options trades again, but it just offer a super easy invalidation. Look, if Bitcoin takes out Friday's low, all right, I'm bearish and I'm looking for this thing to come down, you know, pretty recently from there and I'm having to take a short position, which covers that position and locks in even more profit, which is in my opinion, rather good. Anyways, so yes, that's what I'm looking at for Bitcoin as far as the other sort of compounding signals that, you know, give me a little bit of hope in here for Bitcoin to potentially push through, but to be super fucking clear in order to complete this reversal, Bitcoin absolutely must by no stretch of the imagination close above Tuesday, the 24th of February is high, which was the price I can pivot here at 70,057 and a quarter. Bitcoin can do that. It's, it's an upside reversal. Get ready for a move into, you know, the mid 70s, let's say 75 to 76,000 bucks, very likely, but these technical signals that do support this case is one daily bullish divergence right here. It's not like a super strong drive. It is a phantom drive. So, you know, these have been known to fail after initial move, but hey, it is there and CME has it as well actually too, based off of yesterday's closure. Um, and then the next big one or the next one that's fun at least is of course the old witches over here, the fucking moons, baby, the moons and generally this sort of lighter color might right moon right here is called a full moon and these are generally periods of more upside price action rather than downside. Now you're probably looking at the chart and say crown fuck you, you dumb fuck. The last one was straight down. Yes, more often than not, it works out that way to the upside, but sometimes it creates downside movements as well. Yes, crazy indeed, but you can see this one over here. Nice upside move. This one over here, decent, I guess, for what it's worth. This one over here, decent before big down. This one over here, complete failure. This one over here, decent, decent, decent and not great and decent as well. So, you know, just a little bit on the fun note, I guess, of course, we can backtest this in a strategy. If you were to blindly play this from full moon to new moon, it actually would be positive over time. Now, I don't think that this is an optimized strategy in any way, shape, or form, but if you do want to try this out, you know, you can play around with it with using the quant prime service. You can use this as an indicator back test on. And by the way, I should also mention that the Revan ribbons over here. This is also available for a free trial alongside pretty much all of our indicator offerings for seven days free with the link in the description below for teachable. You can literally try all of these out for free without without any residency. If they work for you, I know what some people do, which is they will take the free trial, try to make enough money to cover the subscription and then keep the subscription, which I mean, I guess that's like, it's kind of like good marketing, I guess. So I'll take it, but it is pretty fun to see. Honestly, when I get those messages where people tell me what they did, I'm like, well, that wasn't the intended feature of those free trials, but I'm glad I worked out for you. That's great. Anyways, moving on from there, there is one of their major signal potentially going to happen at the end of this week. This is a fucking big one. And it correlates incredibly well with last Friday's low at sixty three thousand dollars. And that is something that we've been watching out for quite some time, which is the Pesto fear index combined with the weekly stochastic oscillator. A couple of things here. One, the Pesto fear index with with my settings, which are, of course, covered in the in the LTI indicator tutorials is still showing extreme fear. Anything below twenty five basically is extreme fear right here. And if we simultaneously see the weekly stochastic or cross the upside, I would be expecting a big move to the upside from here. Now, am I calling like a macro reversal to say that? No, that's a conversation for like much further in the future, perhaps, if even at all. Well, at some point, yeah, it will happen. But you know, I'd be looking for like a 20 percent move or more based off this with the potential for a macro reversal, I guess, anything's possible here. And in this case, if we see the weekly stochastic also to cross the upside, which will happen at the end of this week, if Bitcoin closes, if it finishes this week above sixty three thousand dollars, we will see extreme fear plus momentum turned to the upside. That is absolutely a corrective signal and very likely clears the ways for a move towards, I'd say anywhere between the three at two to the 50 percent retracement level right here. So let's say seventy five to seventy nine extremely likely somewhere in there, maybe even all the way up to six point eight, very possible, you know, could be a major reversal. But yeah, that sixty three thousand dollar number naturally is very much in alignment with last Friday's low as well. So if Bitcoin takes that out, we don't have that set up. And like I said, at that point, I'd probably be looking for one more washout to the downside with a nice five handle on it, you know, fifty fifty five thousand bucks to fifty eight thousand bucks somewhere in that pocket there. But for right now, assuming that Bitcoin kind of just holds a line before end of week, well, I would be preparing for such a thing. This could also come with Bitcoin closing this week, but sixty three thousand bucks. And then the next week following that, you know, we do get a quick quick to the downside. But, you know, the bias on that for me, if we saw something like that is absolutely fucking by that for at least a bounce attempt. Again, I'm not your fucking dad. I'm not here to tell you what to do. You're you know, you're free to do what the fuck you want to do. But I'm telling you exactly what I'd be doing that situation. I'll put it very, very clearly. Anyways, yes, so we got that. We've got that. Let's move on now into some gold action or should we go for traditional markets first. Traditional markets did or traditional when I talk about traditional, I'm talking about SPS 500, more or less did take out the February low by trading below it. It is not closed below it just yet. But I will say that this is probably front runnable here. We had hidden bearish advertisements on that last lower high, which was from last Wednesday. Now we're trading below there back to the bottom side of the range. This is a breakdown set up, especially with the yellow 21 and green 25 EMAs right here, kissing each other, getting ready for a crossover on rising volatility. So am I expecting a bit more of a question here? Probably yes. So that does call into question Bitcoin's potential for a, you know, for completing this reverse, which I remember completely realized upon Bitcoin's ability to close above that $70,000 number, whatever it was, it was like 70,000 bucks in change. But assuming that this one plays out, you know, I'm probably looking somewhere down around that daily 200 simple 66,000 or sorry, 66,000, 6600 is kind of what I'm talking about with potential for more, you know, maybe even all the way down to like 6500. I will be buying at those numbers personally because I don't think that this is the end of the world and well, so on and so forth. Anyways, on top of that gold having its own potential major reversal here, we can see gold is as of right now not looking too hot and would have the potential for another drop of bearish divergence, assuming that it does complete this week below the yes, below the low of last week, which is 50 93 and a quarter almost. So it's a long week left to go. Obviously another three and a half days basically. So, you know, we won't really have clarity on this until we get to Friday, obviously. But for right now, it's certainly a possibility and we can see other time frames kind of leading into this. This is actually one of those times where I would I would suggest to check out some of the buy bit listed gold options here. You can actually trade gold on by bit, by the way, which is pretty cool and other commodities and other major. You can trade fucking spy on on buy it now. It's pretty awesome. By the way, I do have a link for I do have a good show link for buy it in the link description below does come with a lot of bonuses. So it actually, you know, benefits you. But hey, if you're looking for a place to trade you as it indices and you're not American, probably one of these place to do it. Also, over here on the five day time frame for the buy bit version of gold, you can see a few more clear signals actually one to three drives of bearish divergence. And you can see it's already below that that previous low. This one will close on the same day on on Fridays. But for right now, you know, this is looking a lot more like it's finding a local high here. And if that does play out, the obvious target or the easy target, as I like to say is that yellow 21 EMA, which is at 47 20 or so. So I would be looking for that happen, assuming that this is confirmed. I think that I very likely will be confirmed. But hey, you know, at the end of the day, price, we got, you know, price going to do what price going to do, I guess, same thing on the three day time frame, same thing on the two day time frame, same thing on the daily time frame, same thing on the weekly time frame, same thing on the biweekly time for well, I guess it's not much of a biweekly to analyze here. But yeah, you can see it's all potential right now. So, so, you know, if these things get confirmed, it's going to lead into a major correction very likely and silver is still, in my opinion, the canary in the coal mine. This one just looks so much more obviously like a bull trap right here. Very much poised to come back down to that $69 low. Great number as well, probably a bouncer as well. But, you know, this one still looking a lot more top to me than anything else. So yeah, anyways, other than that, I think it's good place maybe leaving off on this video coming back tomorrow within the live stream will update on this options trade as time goes on. But for right now, you know, it's kind of just a waiting game for me. Like I said, I know my levels or I know my levels of action, if you will, very, very well. And we should and I shall wait to take the next take the next action should, you know, $63,000 get taken out to the downside. Other than that, you know, for the long term, like I said, I've been looking at Bitcoin in these regions as pretty good value. So in my opinion, if we're holding for more than four years, I do like these regions. I did buy Bitcoin in the low $60,000 territory. I'm completely open to going big underwater on these positions. By the way, I'm going to be holding them for nine years. These are long term investments as a trader. Yeah, not the same thing, but as a long term investor. Okay, I'm always going to buy an asset that I want to accumulate, you know, when I get signals like this. So anyways, on that note, I'm going to be signing off, take care, much love and see you hopefully Wednesday for another beautiful live stream.