If someone was surprised by the fact that the price of a spear is at the same level, it stands there after you burst it, or why do you take a 100% with one spike and get back together? In 90% of the points, the answer is 1. Orders and liquidity In this video, I will show you how to see them in real time through hipmaps. Use the key attack. Until the end of the video, you will know what the hipmap is, how to distinguish the real orders from the false ones, what are spoofing orders, what is Iceberg actually and how to use this information to avoid spoofing and getting in the way. And before we start, if you are not yet, like and subscribe to help you reach more traders like you. What is the hipmap? The hipmap is a visual instrument that shows where the limit orders are found in the order book. That is, what prices are waiting for, whether they are bought or sold. Imagine it as a thermal map of the market. How bright is the color of the given level, how much more orders are there. These zones are important because they often act as a temporary resistance support. The prices are attracted to the magnet, showing where the large participants are ready to interact with the market. The hipmap does not show you where the market will go, it shows you where there is significant interest. The real force comes when you combine it with the structure, liquidity and volume. Then you start to see the profit for the movement, all this must be combined. There are two main types of orders. We talked about it before, I will say it anyway. Market orders are aggressive purchases and sales that move the price. If you press buy, the market buys it immediately at the closest price. Limit orders are orders that are worth and wait. Someone says, I bought this price or sold this price and wait for the market to come to it. The price to reach it and to fill the order. The hipmap shows exactly these limit orders. And when there is a huge limit order in one place, it can do the price, to play the movement, to create a bounce, or to be filled or eaten, and then the price to pass aggressively. This means that if there is a 100 Bitcoin limit order short, it should enter more aggressive buyers at this level to fill all these 100 orders and sell the price up. If in the situation, the limit orders manage to absorb all aggressive buyers with their short limit positions, the price would turn back and keep this level. However, if the aggressive buyers are significantly more than these limit orders, this means that they will start filling them little by little and then they will continue up. So, welcome to Qtaka AI. I will leave the link in the description where you can make your registration. I understand for free exactly why we chose this software. I will quickly move to the starting page where you can click Get Started and start building your own layout. Get started and open a new layout in which I recommend you to make a registration. You have some options with Gmail account or with Twitter. I will also choose email to make an idea easier. Welcome to Qtaka and let's get started. Here you have a burst guide that you will skip and you can now choose which color you want to see your candles and heatmaps. Let's choose the first one and cross Team Workspace YouTube Education. As I said, TPO, footprint, I use ExoCharts, but I have a lot of people who use software like Qtaka. I will move to any indicators and I will start filling them little by little. The first thing in Interface, as in every software, you can use this for drawing. You have some instruments almost all in Tradingville, like Trendline, you can change color and you can see them better. There are many other options in Tradingville and in Security Software. In Long and Short positions, you can change colors and you can see them better. If you want to make them more white and more red, but this is not important. Order Book Heatmap is an indicator that is installed under Default on our layout. What I recommend and what I personally do with my Qtaka account is to use an aggregated heatmap from a number of bars. There are already two moments in which each of you should have a suggestion which bars want to watch and which bars want to follow the heatmap map. But for now, I will delete these four bars and you will see that the heatmap will be updated. After that, there are two moments in which you want to download from how many orders you can see. Bitcoin, from how many orders to change color on your heatmap. I personally keep my level around 400Bitcoins, this level that interests me, and not less than 10050Bitcoins. Why? If you give the most attention, you will see absolutely all these market makers, orders that are around the price, and simply play with sales. This is their job, most of you know. Here we can see when we separate our 67200Bitcoins. We had 673Bitcoins that were sitting there at a certain time. This is a minute time frame. But if we get to the unit, you will see how much time they are appearing and disappearing. These orders were here, all these are connected here, after here, here and so on. And here we will make a short pause. If you see, you will open your eyes and you will begin to understand why the market reacts exactly where it reacts. In our trade-by-design course, we will go much further. If you really want to learn and are serious, if you want to meet serious people and people who work together every day to succeed, you can click some of the links or scan the QR code that you see below. You will see our full course, all for me and for my team. You can also go to Discord and look at what you will find students for us. What is buy and sell wall? Buy and sell wall are large bodies of Limit Order and Fordarbook, which are seen very clearly on the hit map as bright horizontal zones. Buy and sell means that on a given price level there are a large number of Limit Orders that they want to buy. Sell wall is the opposite. It means that there are a large number of Limit Orders for selling, namely short positions. You can imagine them as a wall of liquidity. They are important because they often influence the price of the car. When the price is approaching buy and sell, sellers begin to meet the opposite, if the price is real. The price can be over or make a reaction as in the situation and continue in the opposite direction. When the price is approaching sell wall, buyers meet the pressure. Or we get a discount if they manage to keep this level. Imagine them as supports and resistances. Quite often, the key levels are exactly this. Large bodies of Limit Order are interested in buyers or sellers to keep a certain level. This is what these supports and resistances get. Support and resistances are not just levels that appear on the hit map and we decide that this is what we will do. Exactly these are large zones in which Limit Orders are filled. Limit Orders in the case of creating or strengthening already creating a support and at the same time from the upper side. We have a scenario for buy and sell wall. The first scenario in which we do buy wall down, we go into that level, we get a strong reaction and after that we do not return. This means that there were not enough sellers here who were to break through this zone. Or there were a lot more buyers with passive orders, namely Limit Orders, who managed to keep this level and absorbed all these sellers here in this zone. Moreover, we get back when we have sell wall. This sell wall, as you can see, has managed to absorb absolutely all aggressive buyers. All these aggressive buyers are far from themselves, but they did not manage to break through this level. After that, we see this reaction, which is understood by most of us, but it is not only based on this hit map. After that, we saw two scenarios in which the buy wall holds the price and the price rises in the reverse direction, namely at the top and the sell wall in the situation in which the sellers manage to divide the aggressive buyers and the price rises in the reverse direction. Here we will give you an example for which we will talk shortly, in the case in which we go one time to this village, they try to keep this level, we get a reaction, but this reaction is not the same as this reaction, because the trend is not ready to break through. The buyers are ready to buy more Bitcoins for this price, for their specific situation and their sister. The good price is to continue to press the market buy aggressively. What happens here? The first reaction, the next step when we try to get closer to this zone, the market makers hold liquidity and we get this candle, which actually, as far as I remember, rises up here, for the simple reason that there are no more sellers who can afford the buyers to buy the price up there. I told them to break it, to buy it, someone has to sell it, if someone sells it, someone has to buy it. And exactly this is how these end-up movements are received. But for this, we will talk in the previous stage of the order fall, so these are the basic things that interest you at the moment. Look at the liquidity zones and estimate whether they will be able to keep them or will the broken liquidity remain. Exhausted from the most aggressive participants in the market and so on. What is spoofing technique? Spoofing technique, with which a large player sets a huge limit of orders in the order book, without really having the intention to fill it. The whole thing is psychological. Without orders, they are used to create a false feeling for a fortified and continued certain trend. The retail traders lie down to enter too fast. Here we can see a typical example in which the price is moving, a minute in time frame. And we get about 900 bitcoin under this price, at the moment in which we leave to return to it, they just disappear. This is what I know, it is used to break down a little bit of the algorithmic traders. So we often have to look at such zones that appear or disappear, because this is the zone from here to here down. But under the question of not taking a new solution based on this. Here I will give you another example, you can see, the price is moving up, the first was here, then here. And at the end, when you see that the price is going to break down, the liquidity just falls. And throughout this time, the retail traders lie down that the price is going to be up, and they are ready to fill these 600 bitcoins. Which would not allow the price to fall so drastically, as I look at it and I like it, it would be quite insignificant. So for me personally, this whole thing is out of the question of liquidity. Then they tried to buy it again, and here, here, here, here, here, you can see, this is just their game, 1,300 bitcoins, they just show them the price going down, if the price is just going to fall, and they start to sell it, this can no longer be shown to you in Kyoto with certainty. Iceberg Corder is exactly the return of the S.P.L.F.I.N. Corder. This is a really big advice, but hidden, instead of showing the whole size of the Corder, a big part of it separates the Corder into small parts. Instead of showing the buy order for a thousand bitcoins, it shows 5 bitcoins that are constantly charged from the outside, it looks like it has a little liquidity, but actually, there is a huge interest for this. I personally recognized it in the last way, and to say that we are getting closer to their fight in such a zone, and we start to eat slightly slightly from it, I just leave the trash here on the hit map, when I see that it cannot be broken, but the aggressive teams give everything to themselves, and what I see is that actually, in this moment, we cannot see it because we are not live, but in the situation of 457 bitcoins, we start to see them in Duke Software, in ExoCharts, which is an aggressive buy order, but until they come out of this liquidity, the liquidity grows, that is, instead of becoming 444, 420, 410, 380, they actually become 457, 467, 477, and this means that they continue to beat the limit of orders, passive shorts that they want to enter at all costs, and they have a super big album that would allow them to keep this level. This was the basis of how to read orders in HitMap with KillTac, if you want to see in the next video, I can make how to combine HitMap with CVD, how to use HitMap for inputs, or top 5 mistakes that people make with HitMap, and if it was useful, like and subscribe to not miss anything in the video, and if you want to learn the model step by step and to apply it with us in the right time, the link to the trade-by design course is below in the description. Bye and see you soon!