The name of this setup is Double 8. It gives you the most accurate bicep signals ever. It's very easy and you just need to follow my instruction. So make sure you watch this video until the end and let's get started. Alright, we need to add four exponential moving averages and we're gonna give them special settings and combination. Before I add the moving averages, if you like my contents, please support the channel by liking the video and subscribing to my channel if you haven't subscribed yet. Alright, here we click on indicators and we search Reben. This one, moving average Reben. When you add this indicator, automatically four moving averages are added to the chart and now we need to change their settings. So here we go to the settings of the Reben and first here for the moving average type, we set exponential moving average for them because as I said, we need four exponential moving averages. So here we set EMA for them and then for the first EMA, we set the length at eight and for the second EMA, we also set the length at eight. For the first EMA here for the source of calculation, we set it at high and for the second one, we set it based on low. So here we have two EMAs with the same length of eight, but one of them is based on high and the other one is based on low. Alright, here for the third EMA, we set the length at 88 and for this EMA, we also set the length at 88. Then here for the source of calculation for the third EMA, we set it based on high and for this one, it should be based on low. So here we have two EMAs with same length of 88, but one of them is based on high and the other one is based on low. These two EMAs with length of eight will create a channel on the price chart that follows the price action very closely and these two EMAs with length of 88 also create a channel on the price chart, which is a smoother channel in compared to this channel and this channel will stay farther away from the price action. Now we need to change their colors. For these two EMAs, we set the color to white and for these two EMAs, we set the color to green and finally we go to the style tab and we increase the thickness of the lines so we can better see them on the price chart. Alright, everything is already set on the chart and now let me teach you how you can find accurate buy sell signals based on these exponential moving averages with the special settings that we made. But before that, I'm proud to announce that I have published a book, The Art of Price Action Trading, which is a complete guide to price action analysis. The link is in the description and you can get it later if you want to master price action trading. Alright, now let me explain how you can find trading opportunities based on this setup. If you remember these two white lines here are EMA with length of eight, one based on high and the other one based on low and they created a channel on the price chart, which we call it white channel. And these two green lines are EMA with length of 88. Similarly, one based on high and the other one based on low and they have also created a channel on the price chart, which we call it green channel. This green channel is gonna help us with trend changes and the white channel is gonna help us with momentum changes inside trends. This is a reversal trading strategy and we're gonna find the points of the market that the trend is changing and then we're gonna find an excellent opportunity to enter a trade. In the first step, we want crossing of the price above or below the green channel. In this case, you can see that the price crossed the green channel and went above the green channel. This is an early signal that probably an uptrend is forming in the market. In the next step, we want the white channel to completely go above the green channel. From here, when this candle is closed, you can see that both of the white lines are above the green channel. Now in the next step, we wait for a candle that is closed below the white channel. You can see that it happened here. This tells us that we are in the process of a pullback. It can be just beginning of the pullback or middle of the pullback or near end of the pullback. What we want is having a candle that is closed below the white channel. When we got this, we go back on the price action and we find the highest high and we mark this level. Please pay attention that here for the pullback, the price should decline near to the green channel or ideally to go inside the green channel. If it is far from the green channel, it is not a good pullback and you shouldn't take any action. Later, I will show examples so you will completely understand. Alright, so we already marked this high and we should wait and see if the price is able to close above this level or not because this high can act as a potential resistance level. You can see that this candle is closed above the high so here the reversal of the price is confirmed and in practice, we could enter a long position at this point with the stop loss below the pullback and profit target at risk to reward ratio of two. This was a long position setup and now let me teach you a short position setup. In a short position setup, which is when we are trying to catch starting of a downtrend, in the first step, we want crossing of the price below the green channel. You can see that from here, the price is below the green channel. This is an early signal that probably a downtrend is forming in the market. In the next step, we want the white channel to completely go below the green channel. From here, when the scandal is closed, you can see that both of the white lines are already below the green channel. Now we wait for a candle that is closed above the white channel. This shows formation of a pullback and in this case, you can see that the price is already inside the green channel. When this happened and we got a candle that is closed above the white channel, we go back on the price action and we find the lowest low and we mark this level and we should wait and see if the price can break this level or not. You can see that the price went down, but it couldn't close below this level and after that, the price went for another retest of the green channel and then we had turning of the price and at this point, you can see that this candle is closed below this level. So here, the reversal is confirmed and in practice, we could enter a short position at this point with the stop loss above the pullback and profit target at risk-to-reward ratio of 2. Let me show more examples so you completely understand all the points and how you should trade based on this. Here, you can see that we have another trading opportunity. You can see that the price went above the green channel and after that, the white channel also completely went above the green channel. Then here, we got a candle that is closed below the white channel and this is a signal that we are probably in the process of a pullback. You can see that the price declined down to this point inside the green channel. We go back on the price action and we mark the highest high and we wait for a candle to be closed above this level. You can see that it happened here. So the buy signal is confirmed and in practice, we could enter a long position at this point with the stop loss below the pullback and profit target at risk-to-reward ratio of 2. And you can see that this trade is also a profitable trade where the price advanced up to this point making this position profitable. Moving on the chart here, you can see that we have a condition of short position. You can see that the price went below the green channel and after that, the white channel also completely went below the green channel. Here at this point, you can see that we got a candle that is closed above the white channel. Before this, we mark the lowest low and we wait to see if the price can break this level but you can see that it didn't happen. So we correctly didn't get any final confirmation and you can see that again, the price turned to an obtrent. And here, when the price went above the green channel and after that, you can see that the white channel also went above the green channel. Now we should wait for a candle that is closed below the white channel, which it didn't happen because the pullback is very short. And if you remember, in cases like this where the pullback is far from the green channel, I said that this is not a pullback that we want. And we shouldn't take any action after that. And we should wait for the next trading opportunity. So in case if we had also a candle that was closed below the white channel, because this pullback is far from the green channel, we shouldn't take any action for this signal. To lower our risk, we follow the rules of our trading strategy. After a short pullback like this, the price may advance like this, but we don't pay attention to it and we wait for the next trading opportunity. Here at this point, you can see that the price went below the green channel. And after that, the white channel also completely went below the green channel. And then here we got a candle that is closed above the white channel, showing we are in the process of a pullback. And the price is also inside the green channel. Until now, everything is okay. Here we mark the lowest low. And we wait for breaking off this level. And you can see that it didn't happen. And here also, we didn't get a false confirmation of a short position. Here, this is an important point that I have already mentioned. You can see that the price went above the green channel. And after that, the white channel also went above the green channel. So we have early conditions of an uptrend. And here, you can see that we got a candle that is closed below the white channel. This is a signal that we are in the process of a pullback. You can see that the price declined after that, but very far from the green channel. And as I said, when we have a pullback like this, we don't take any action. And we just wait for the next trading opportunity. In this case, you can see that the price closed above the highest high. And this was a false signal, as you can see. So by considering this point that the pullback should go near to the green channel, or ideally inside the green channel, you can avoid false signals like this. All right, moving on the chart here, you can see that the price went below the green channel. And after that, the white channel also went below the green channel. And then here, we got a candle that is closed above the white channel. You can see that the price did a pullback to the green zone. So everything is okay until now, we marked the lowest low here. And we wait to see if the price can break this level or not. After the pullback, one trying here, but not successful. Again, the price went up another trying here. And again, not successful for breaking off this level. And again, we got another retest of the green channel. And finally here, you can see that this candle is closed below this low. So the reversal is confirmed. And in practice, we could enter a short position at this point with the surplus above the pullback and profit target at risk to reward ratio of two. And you can see that this trade was also a profitable trade. This trading strategy is very accurate because it has different layers of confirmation with the final confirmation based on price action breaking, which helps to filter most of the false signals, but not all of them. And you will definitely encounter false signals just like any other trading strategies. So you need to manage your risk properly. One percent role risk management is the best risk management strategy that is recommended by professional traders. I have a complete guide on this. The link is also placed in the description. And I highly recommend you to watch it now, because without a proper risk management, you cannot survive in this game. Alright, that's it. Thank you for watching this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and leave a comment for me. I'll answer your questions as soon as possible. If you haven't subscribed to my channel, please subscribe and hit the bell so you get the notifications of my new videos. See you guys in next video and good luck with your trading.