That's right guys, Open Claw has taken the world by storm, formerly was known as Claude Bot. But what I care about is, can it trade for us? Can it create a trading strategy? Can it execute that strategy on my exchange fully automatically? Can it improve the strategy? And can it also, and this is madness, can it also adapt the strategy and pick the right one, depending on what is actually happening in the markets? With normal AI's like Claude or Chatchapiti, this is definitely not possible. But with this AI, the answer to most of these questions is yes. And that is why I'm making this video because it's mind blowing. In this video, I'm gonna walk you through how I set it up for myself to create trading strategies to have it automatically trade that strategy on my hyper liquid account. And also I'm gonna show you how you could take advantage of this yourself so you can benefit as fast as possible. But I'm also gonna show you the downsides and what you need to take care of because this is not yet ultra polished product, right? So with all of that in mind, guys, this is crazy stuff. Let's get started. And guys, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you because otherwise the YouTube algorithm will never know and also you're supporting this channel. Also remember, this is not financial advice, crypto is risky, you can lose all of your money guys. And that is why I run this educational channel so that you are always ahead of the herd. Subscribe and let's go. First of all, I want to show you how openclaw works for me and how I used it for my testing and use cases. And then I will show you how it was trading. And then I will show you how you can use it yourself because I don't want to waste your time. So if you don't think that what I did is interesting for you, then you don't have to continue watching. But if so, right, then continue watching when I show you how to create trading strategies with it and also how to install it for yourself. This is how the interface looks like. This is openclaw running on my virtual machine. I will show you the setup later on. So this is really a chat, you know this, right, from the other AIs. But the big difference is it can execute any kind of command, okay, it can install packages that it needs for coding. You don't need to know why, but it can, right, it's important. So if he wants to code something in Python and needs a package, it can just do it, right? It can write code which he did over here creating a strategy for the ranging market, a strategy for the trending market, doing backtesting, right, having its own code for running the backtest and then giving me the results and then giving a suggestion, which strategy to use and in which combination. And these are the files that it created, strategy trending.js, strategy ranging.js, for example, then hyperliquid.js, which is the code that it needs to communicate with hyperliquid API because it can execute the strategies fully automatically and then also backtesting. So whenever you see it writing files like this, then it puts them into the openclaw workspace and in this case, in the trading folder that it also created itself. And then it goes ahead and schedules these strategies to run. And why is that important? Well, it's because the strategy has to periodically make a trading decision. And if you're on a four hour chart, then you would like every four hours to make a decision, right? Unless you have a stop loss. That's a different topic, but you have to look at the chart every four hours. That's exactly what happens also on trading view. If you have a strategy on the four hour, right? Now here, because the AI is sleeping, it has to wake itself up. And with cron jobs, which is a normal Linux thing, it can wake itself up and run the code that it needs. For example, here, there is one for the hourly trading strategy and one for the four hourly trading strategy I've experimented around. And so here the runs for the hourly, you can see it started at, you know, 11 p.m. midnight, 1 a.m., 2 a.m. and so on. And every time it ran, it made a decision to go in out or do nothing. And that's exactly what happened here on my hyperliquid account, which it has full access to. Okay. So here it decided to go long on Bitcoin and it paid the fee for that, right? Trading fee. Then it made a small loss when closing this and then it opened the short. This is a short, right? And then it made a profit on that, right? So this was the first ever trading strategy that it created. And it also executed it fully automatically by itself. But here's the cool thing. You can run multiple strategies in parallel, okay? Because nobody stops you from scheduling one strategy, another one, a third one, a fourth one, however many strategies you want to schedule. And for example, this one is on a four hour chart. So it wakes up only every four hours. Let me put myself on the other side. So this wakes up every four hours, makes a decision what to do next. And then it will tell me in the chat what happened. If it doesn't tell me, by the way, you might have this problem, then just ask it, hey, give me an update and I will tell you exactly what happened. But what I usually do is I go to my hyperliquid account and I reload and I see what is actually going on there. And right now there are no positions because the latest and greatest strategy that I have deployed on the system is right now out of the market. Before I show you how to use this yourself, I think you have to fully understand what I did here and also how it's different from the normal AI because my open claw installation on my virtual server, right, which runs on AWS. If you don't know what it is, don't worry about it. It's a virtual machine on the Internet. It actually does use Claude as well, right? Because Claude is the AI that has a brain, okay? But there is a big difference between using Claude directly and also using it through open claw, right? So open claw has been installed here on my virtual machine. And this thing is basically open claw AI running on my machine and deciding how to communicate with hyperliquid, how to trade and so on fully by itself. And the difference is, okay, that if you go into the normal Claude interface, then it's very transactional. You can tell it to write some code to create a trading strategy. It will give you that in the chat or as a file. But then that's where the conversation ends and it doesn't execute it for you. It doesn't reflect on its actions. It doesn't change its plan, okay? Because it can't. But check this out, right? If you run this AI in this way with open claw on your own machine, then you have a couple of benefits which are game changing, right? So yes, it can write code, yes, it can give you that code. But actually what it does, it stores the trading strategy code somewhere in the file system. And then it executes that trading strategy periodically with a cron job, which I showed you before for a trading strategy that runs on the one hour chart, it will wake itself up every hour, right? Make a decision, then place the trade or do nothing, whatever it is, report back to me and then go back to sleep, okay? And for a four hour trading strategy, it will wake itself up every four hours and so on, okay? And that is the magic because let's say it wakes itself up and what you told it to do is not only to execute the trading strategy, but also to reflect on the past performance of that trading strategy and to adapt it to the new market conditions. And that is why this is so powerful, guys. Now is the time when you guys say, okay, Michael, cool, love it. Let me try this. How do I install this? Okay. This is the problem because this is a developer-focused solution, okay? I mean, look at the installation guideline here on openclaw.ai. It says, run this on your terminal. I mean, what the hell? So basically, if you run this on your personal machine, then the AI will run with the same permissions as you have on that machine. And that's not great, yes? Because it can read all your personal files, okay? It can theoretically send them to the Internet. It can delete them even, okay? So it's definitely not recommended to run this on your personal machine, okay? But how else to run this, Michael? I need a solution now. Sure, I get it, right? So here's the thing. You have two options. One option is get a Mac Mini, okay? Don't ask why. Mac Mini has the right operating system, Unix-based. You can run this command and it's a completely fresh installation and you can just use it without compromising your personal data, right? The other option you have is that you can run it as a virtual machine, okay? In the Internet, in the cloud. But then now you need to know how to set up such a machine, how to manage a server, okay? It's a server, really. And that gets a little bit tricky, okay? Because in the physical machine, you can just put a keyboard, you can put a monitor and you can mess with it, okay? But if it's a virtual machine, suddenly you need to connect with it over SSH and it's complicated, okay? Now, I have tried, guys, okay? And let me make a deal with you, okay? I've tried to find a solution where you can click three buttons and it works. But all of these solutions have issues that don't work for trading because either it cannot install packages for coding and then it can't code the hyperliquid integration. Not great. Or it works for coding but then the machine shuts down, it goes to sleep if you're not chatting with it. But it needs to be running, okay? It needs to make trades, right? If the machine shuts down then the cron job wouldn't wake up anything and then there is no trading, okay? Stupid. It's not what we're looking for, okay? So I've been testing the droplets from DigitalOcean. Also I've been testing emergent.sh, right? It's an app creation thing, but it doesn't work, okay? Because they all have these issues. So the deal that I want to make with you guys, okay? Because I wanted to get this video out. If I wait until there is the perfect solution, this video will never get out, okay? The deal is this. You subscribe to this channel. You click the bell icon. I continue researching a simple method for non-developers to get this to run, okay? And I will share one more thing with you. So if you have it running then this is how you can continue having it trade on your hyperliquid account. Let's check that out. I put together a document, this document, link is down below where I have the prompts that you need to use for this AI. So once you have it, okay? One of the first messages will be this one, okay? This is a prompt and you tell it to connect to your hyperliquid exchange using these API keys, okay? And you have to give it three things. I know because I'm using hyperliquid already. I mean, AI would help you anyway, but this is a prompt that works immediately. Public wallet address, API wallet address and private key, okay? How to get that on hyperliquid? Click on more, click on API. Then here, give it a name. I call it Openclaw YouTube for you guys. And then here, click on generate. You can click however many times you like and then authorize API wallet. So this is already your API wallet address, okay? This is the one you copy over and you put it over here, okay? And then this is your private key and you copy that and you put it here. You replace this, right? And then here in the days valid field, you have to click on max. So this API key has a validity of 180 days, right? And then you click authorize. And then you need the public address. That is to be found over here. You click here to copy it and you put it over here. And then you copy the entire prompt and you give it to the Openclaw AI, okay? And you let it code and it was gonna do its thing, okay? And then basically I told it in order to prove that its integration works, I wanted to set the Bitcoin leverage to 7. That means if I go to the trading interface here, it would have set the Bitcoin USDC trading leverage to instead of 10 to 7, okay? Or some number that it's not already on, okay? Because then it means it works. So that is the test. It's a simple test without triggering any trade. And that is usually a better way to do this test. The next thing to do is to make it create a trading strategy and schedule it, okay? So here, create a trading strategy to trade Bitcoin USD on the four-hour chart. I said trend following because I know that's the best way to do it. Not financial advice, but even the AI said. So long and short, come up with a strategy and fetch the chart data from Hyperliquid to run back tests, okay? So make it run a back test, okay? Don't allow it to tell you, this is a great strategy without numbers, okay? And it will just run the back test on the data that it gets, the chart data that it gets from Hyperliquid. It's all free, okay? So then show me the results so we can come up with a good strategy together and continue talking to it, right? This is a conversation. It's not gonna have the best thing ever in the first try. It doesn't make any sense, right? So have a collaborative approach, okay? Schedule and tell it to schedule the strategy to trade automatically, right? And it will do that. It works fine. And then ask to run back test before you commit running any strategy. I mean, this is very important, okay? And then also ask the AI to give its opinion, right? As if you talk to a developer because the AI can see multiple data points at the same time. And it can tell you, look, if you take this strategy, it has this downside and compared to this other thing, this is better, okay? Based on the back test, right? And that helps quite a lot. It gives very good information. And that's exactly what it did when I asked it to compare this strategy with that strategy, okay? And it gave me the KPIs from the back test. It gave me where they are good, where they're bad and also its recommendation. And then I can choose what to do next. And that's cool, right? Because I want to learn this stuff. I want to collaborate with the AI because then I have my unique system that no one else has. And then I have an edge in the market. If you want a ready-made system that you can use out of the box and has been working for many years, then consider the auto trading masterclass. It comes with all my knowledge, my trading strategies, of course, access to my VIP group. All of my knowledge is here in the curriculum to deal with any and every situation that the market throws at you. You will also learn how to build a risk-adjusted portfolio, which is an absolute game changer for anyone in this market. So if this sounds interesting to you, then do a little bit of research to see if this is really for you. Watch this video here and also check the reviews and as well read the website, okay? Please because this is limited to a thousand members only, it says over here. And it might be for you, then I love to have you with us. But it might not be. It really depends where you are on your journey. If you're new to the market, it might not be for you, okay? Because you still have to learn a couple of things. But if you're already in the crypto market for a while, you have seen how good and bad it can be. And you've tried some other things and you are still searching for the right program and the right process for you. Then this might be the solution you're looking for. Also, check the review videos. These are members. And I'm really happy they sent these videos because they are very busy people and I'm very happy we have them. So check them out, see what they're saying. And if this is for you, okay? If this makes a lot of sense for you, then click on the apply for access button over here and we will talk. And if it's a good match, then I love to have you with us. What a journey this was to figure out this new AI open claw, ClaudeBot, MoteBot, whatever it's called. For me, it was a lot of work, to be honest, because I had to figure out so many new things in order to distill it into this video for you guys. But what is the conclusion? My conclusion is that this thing is going to change retail trading forever. Okay, because at some point it's easy enough to run this thing. Okay, even if you're not a developer or don't have tech skills. Okay, and even today you can run it on your Mac mini. Okay, go and buy one, put it, it will work. Okay, and imagine that is your trading hub. Okay, you tell it what to do, you communicate with it, you see the results and so on. It will trade for you. Okay, it can trade crypto, but I'm pretty sure you can get it to also trade on your interactive brokers. Okay, pretty sure because they have APIs. The only downside that you need to take care of is the costs that you have for running this AI. Okay, because well, it's connected to Claude in my case. And so far it's spent $32.69, perfect number, right? And the thing is that it's running for like two days. Okay, like if you multiply this up, it's about 500 bucks a month. Fine, I mean, I guess it's fine for me, but is it fine for you? Okay, so my final conclusion is amazing stuff, definitely gonna change the game, not just for trading, but for trading, because that's what I do on this channel, 100%, 100%, okay? Because you can run strategies on your own machine, you can figure them out, it's crazy, okay? So if you don't know this stuff, or if you don't get excited about this stuff, you will get left behind. I mean, what you can do is you can join auto trading, which will be up to date and stuff, fine. And you don't need to figure it out yourself, right? A quick surprise for people who are watching this video until the end, this is a 20% coupon if you wanna join auto trading. Just mentioned the word claw when you apply. But this is definitely gonna make a dent when it comes to the trading space, the retail investor. Because retail investor now gets more power than ever before. The costs are a topic, right? So of course I could have tried with a cheaper model, but I wanted the fullest power, the biggest AI I can get because I didn't wanna mess around, okay? But of course you can try to use cheaper models that also Claude offers or other AI's offer, right? But basically it is too nerdy right now and it's too expensive for most people, okay? But that will change very quickly. And that's why I think you should keep your eyes on this thing. So make sure to be subscribed. I will make way more videos about this. Let me know down below which type of videos about this AI you want me to make. For example, if you want a tutorial on how I set it up myself so that you can do exactly the same even though it's a bit tacky but I might come up with something that is easy to understand. Well then let me know down below because if that's requested, well then it will be done, yes? So your comments down below will be very helpful. At this point in the video I recommend the next video to watch but I struggle to pick a video that can follow this one because this is a completely new topic. I mean, it's a trading AI agent and what else would relate to this? I don't know, right? So I chose to pick a very simple video after this one because this one was a bit more advanced, right? You might agree. So if you wanna automate your crypto portfolio with the strategy that I've created that is pretty much free to use and you can get started in five minutes you don't have to install anything complicated at all. You just have to go to a website, yes? Then this is the next video you should watch. It's trading view, uh-huh. Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah. The strategies, we know what to do, yeah. Do, yeah, yeah. The start of loss is set, watch the price rise and fall.