This indicator is incredible. It is built based on triple exponentially smoothed moving average and because of this it can filter the majority of noises on the chart. This is one of the best trend indicator on TradingView that can help you with trends and momentum changes in the market, making it a perfect choice for trend following strategies and reversal trading strategies. I will completely explain this indicator and how you can use it in a trading strategy, so make sure you watch this video until the end and let's get started. All right let's add the indicator. Here we click on indicators and we search trex TRIX. This one trex histogram which is written by just Uncle L. All right this is the indicator and as you can see it's added here below the chart. This is actually an oscillator and you can see that we have a histogram and a line that are moving above and below the center line which is zero. As I mentioned at the beginning of the video this oscillator is built based on triple exponentially smoothed moving average consider an exponential moving average that is smoothed three times and because of this it has the ability to remove many of the noises on the price chart. So regardless of the noises and short term fluctuations that you see on the chart it can give you a stable picture of the trends and momentum changes inside the trends. Let me explain what we have here and how we interpret this indicator and use it in trading but before that I'm proud to announce that I have published a book the art of price action trading which has a complete guide to price action analysis. The link is in the description and you can get it later if you want to master price action trading. All right getting back to the indicator this histogram is trex. By default trex is shown like a histogram but in case if you want to have it like an oscillator line here you can go to the settings of the indicator and here you have an option to show trex as a line instead of a histogram. So trex will be shown like a line. We continue with the histogram because it makes it easier to analyze momentum changes that are happening inside trends. When the histogram is below the centerline and red it shows that the market is trending down and when the histogram is above the centerline and it is green it shows that the market is in an uptrend. When the histogram is below the centerline we have two shades of red. When it is dark red which is when the bars are going lower and lower it shows that the downside momentum is increasing and when the bars become smaller and the color becomes lighter red it shows that the downside momentum is weakening. The weakness of the downside momentum can happen during pull backs or before a reversal. Similarly when the histogram is above the centerline there are two shades of green. When it is light green which is when the bars are going higher and higher this shows that the upside momentum is increasing and when it becomes dark green it shows that the upside momentum is weakening. This weakness can be because of pull backs or we can have this type of weakness before a reversal. So the possession of the histogram above or below the centerline can help us with trends and the color changing of the histogram can help us with identifying momentum changes inside the trends. You may ask if the points of the histogram changing can be used as a trading signal. Yes they can be a signal for starting of a new trend. For example when the histogram goes below the centerline and becomes red it can be a signal for starting of a downtrend and when the histogram goes above the centerline and becomes green it can be a signal for starting of an uptrend but we don't trade only based on this because these centerline crossovers alone are very prone to be false signals because for example we can have them when there is a deeper pullback in the market. So we need more confirmation before taking any trade. Later I will explain how you can do it so make sure you watch this video until the end. All right we have also this orange line here which is signal line and it is a moving average of the trex line with length of 8. The crossovers of the histogram and the signal line can provide a signal about momentum changes. If we go to the settings of the indicator here we have an option for showing trex signal crossovers. When it is on the signals are added to the indicator as you can see. When the histogram crosses above the signal line it is a bullish momentum signal and when the histogram crosses below the centerline it is a betish momentum signal. These signals are useful in trend following strategies where you try to take signals in the pullbacks inside a trend. For example when the histogram is below the centerline and red which tells us that the trend is down we only take betish signals and when the histogram is above the centerline and green which tells us that the price is in an uptrend we only take the bullish signals. So this indicator could be a good choice to be used in trend following strategies for both of trend identification by the help of the histogram and momentum signals inside the identified trends. All right now let me teach you how you can trade based on centerline crossovers which is where probably a reversal is happening in the market and can be the starting of a new trend. First of all you can focus only on the times that there is a divergence it considerably increases the probability because divergence is a leading signal that gives the probability that a reversal is going to happen. For example here in this part of the chart you can see that the histogram was above the centerline and then it went below the centerline. This is a signal that the uptrend finished and a downtrend is going to start. Before this signal when the histogram was above the centerline we can see that there is a divergence you can see that the price made same level but here the histogram made lower high this shows that we have increased downside momentum and this divergence gives the probability that a reversal may be going to happen after this divergence the histogram went below the centerline and became red and now we have more probability that a reversal is happening but we don't enter a trade here we want to decrease our risk as much as possible so we wait for a pullback to see what happens next because if the reversal is real and now downside momentum is greater than the upside momentum in the market this advancing of the price should not be able to pass the previous high and the price will turn down and go to lower levels if you know price action analysis you can easily know when the pullback is formed and when the pullback is ended which is when the price is closed below this low but if you remember I explained earlier that the crossovers of the histogram and its signal line can give us signals about momentum changes and this can help us to know when a pullback and end of the pullback is happening in the market so after the histogram went below the centerline and became red we wait for the signal line to also go below the center line in the next step we wait for the histogram to go above the signal line and this shows that probably a pullback is forming in the next step we wait for the histogram to close back below the signal line when we got a beta signal like this it tells us that probably the pullback ended so here the reversal is confirmed and you can see how the price turned to a downtrend this was a short position setup and now let me teach you a long position setup where we try to cash the starting of an uptrend here at this point you can see that the histogram went above the center line and became green and before this when the histogram was below the centerline you can see that we have a divergence the price made lower low but the histogram made higher low and this shows that we have increased upside momentum and after that you can see that the histogram turned to green it went above the centerline and became green and this gives even more probability that a reversal is forming on the chart now we want to wait for a pullback because if the reversal is real and an uptrend is already started so there should be greater upside momentum than downside momentum so if there is any decline in the market it should not be able to go to the previous low and we should have turning of the price to higher levels after the histogram went above the centerline and became green the signal line should also go above the centerline and in the next step we wait for the histogram to go below the signal line this shows that probably a pullback is forming on the chart to identify end of the pullback we wait for the histogram to close back above the signal line when we got a bullish signal like this it shows that probably the pullback ended and the price is gonna advance more so here the reversal is confirmed and you can see how the price turned to an uptrend after that please pay attention that also this trading strategy has high accuracy and because of different layers of confirmation it is able to filter the false signals but this doesn't mean you will never encounter false signals no this is not possible in reality and there is no trading strategy that can give you guaranteed signals you need to manage your risk properly so you can minimize the effect of your losing positions one percent role risk management is the best risk management strategy and recommended by professional traders i have a complete guide on this the link is also placed in the description and i highly recommend you to watch it now because without a proper risk management you cannot survive in this game all right that's it thank you for watching this video if you have any questions feel free to ask and leave a comment for me i'll answer your questions as soon as possible if you haven't subscribed to my channel please subscribe and hit the bell so you get the notifications of my new video see you guys in next video and good luck with your trading