I want to teach you an excellent EMA settings and combination that helps you find accurate buy sell signals. This trading strategy can make you consistent profit. Just make sure you watch this video until the end and let's get started. Alright we're gonna add 6 exponential moving averages to the chart and we're gonna give them some special settings and combination. But before I add them, if you like my contents please support the channel by liking the video and subscribing to my channel if you haven't subscribed yet. Alright let's add the EMAs. First we add 3 EMAs and then another 3 EMAs. Here we click on indicators and we search Reben. This one, moving average Reben. When you click on this indicator, 4 moving averages are added to the chart. But this is not what we want and we need to change their settings. So here we go to the settings of the Reben and first we remove one of them because we need 3 moving averages and 3 of them should be exponential moving averages. So here we set EMA for them. Here for the first EMA we set the length at 13. For the second EMA also we set it at 13 and for the third EMA similarly we set the length at 13. So here we have 3 EMAs with the same length but with different source of calculations. For the first EMA it should be based on high. For the second one based on close and for the third one it should be based on low. We also need to change their colors. For the three of them we set the color to white. And finally we go to the style tab and we increase the thickness of the lines so we can better see them on the price chart. Alright we're done with the settings of these EMAs and now we need to add another 3 EMAs. So here again we click on indicators and we search Reben. This one moving average Reben and we need to change the settings of the moving averages. So here we go to the settings of the Reben and first here in the input step we remove one of the moving averages because we only need 3 moving averages here and similarly 3 of them should be exponential moving averages. So here we set EMA for them. After that here for the first EMA we set the length at 89. For the second EMA similarly 89. And for the third EMA we also set the length at 89. For the first EMA the source of calculation should be based on high. For the second one based on close and for the third EMA it should be based on low. We don't change the colors they are okay and finally we go to the style tab and we increase the thickness of the moving average lines so they will be better visible on the price chart. Alright we're done with the settings of the exponential moving averages and now let me teach you how they can help you to find buy sell signals trading opportunities in the market. But before that I'm proud to announce that I have published a book The Art of Price Action Trading which has a complete guide to price action analysis. The link is in the description and you can get it later if you want to master price action trading. Alright now let me teach you how we use these EMAs with the special settings that we made. As you can see we have two ribbons here. We have this white ribbon that is built based on three EMAs with length of 13 with different source of calculations and we have this orange ribbon that is built based on three EMAs with length of 89 with different source of calculations. At any time that there is overlap between the two ribbons the market is not trending. The price is in a trading range. For example here in this part of the chart you can clearly see that there is overlap between the white ribbon and the orange ribbon. You cannot see them completely separated from each other and this overlap shows that there is no trend in the market. So the first signal that these EMAs can give you is the signal of non-trending market. When there is overlap between white ribbon and the orange ribbon the market is in a trading range. The price is moving flat. It can be either short flat market or extended range market like this part of the chart. But when the two ribbons are completely separated from each other and there is no overlap between them we can say that the market is trending and there is a trend in the market. Here in this part of the chart you can see that from here when these candles are closed the white ribbon is completely below the orange ribbon. And this shows that probably this is the starting of a downtrend. Alright from here we're gonna look for short position opportunity and for this purpose we're gonna use price action for further confirmation. Let me show how you can do it. When the two ribbons are completely separated in this case you can see that the white ribbon completely went below the orange ribbon. After that we should wait for the pullback of the price to the orange ribbon. When we got a candle touching the orange ribbon we go to the next step to see if this was really a pullback and when we get a signal for end of the pullback. When the price goes for a pullback before that a sawing low is created. This is the lowest low before the pullback. We mark this low and we wait to see if the price can break this level or not because this can act as a potential support level. For example here you can see that the price got difficulty to pass this level. You can see how many times it was rejected. And finally we got a candle that is closed below this level. So here the sell signal is confirmed and in practice we could enter a short position at this point with the stop loss above the white ribbon and profit target at risk to reward ratio of 2. Following the downtrend we are still in a downtrend because the white ribbon is completely below the orange ribbon. Here you can see that the price went for a pullback. The price touched the orange ribbon and went inside the orange ribbon. In this case you can see that the white ribbon also went inside the orange ribbon. This can show weakness in the downtrend but as long as it is not going above the orange ribbon it is ok and we can wait for more confirmation to enter a short position. Before the pullback we find the lowest low we mark it and we wait to see if the price can break this level or not. You can see that the price couldn't break this level. And after that the price went above the orange ribbon and from here you can see that the white ribbon also completely went above the orange ribbon. So now we are probably in an downtrend and we should look for long possession opportunities. Let me show how the long possession setup is. When the white ribbon is completely above the orange ribbon now we should wait for a pullback of the price to the orange ribbon. We want the price to at least touch the orange ribbon and when this happened before that a sewing high is created on the chart we mark this high and we wait to see if the price can break this level or not. Here you can see that this candle is closed above this high so the bi-signal here is confirmed and in practice we could enter a long possession at this point with this stop loss below the white ribbon and profit target at risk to reward ratio of 2. And this trading strategy because we have different layers of confirmation especially the final price action confirmation it helps us to avoid trend changes that are short. For example here after the white ribbon completely went below the orange ribbon you can see that here we got pullback of the price to the orange ribbon but after that the price couldn't break this low and then you can see that we had reversal of the price to an uptrend or here you can see that after the white ribbon completely went above the orange ribbon here we got pullback of the price to the orange ribbon. We mark the high and you can see that the price couldn't break this level and after that we got reversal of the price to a downtrend from here you can see that the white ribbon is completely below the orange ribbon and from here we got pullback of the price to the orange ribbon before the pullback we mark the low and we wait to see if the price can break this level or not. Here you can see that this candle is closed below the level so the sell signal here is confirmed and in practice we could enter a short position at this point and you can see how the price declined after that. Please pay attention that although this trading strategy is very accurate and it helps you to find trading opportunities with high probability but this doesn't mean you will not encounter false signals. There is no trading strategy with 100% win rate. This is not possible and there is no trading strategy or method capable of doing this but instead you need to manage your risk properly. There is a risk management strategy that is called 1% role and this risk management strategy helps you to minimize the effect of your losing possessions. I have a complete guide on this the link is also placed in the description and I highly recommend you to watch it now because without a proper risk management you will not be able to survive in this game. Alright that's it, thank you for watching this video. If you have any questions feel free to ask and leave a comment for me, I'll answer your questions as soon as possible. If you haven't subscribed to my channel please subscribe and hit the bell so you get the notifications of my new videos. See you guys in next video and good luck with your trading.