That's right guys, you want to know if the new Chachi PT Atlas browser that OpenAI just released is any good for creating and improving trading strategies. Perfect, that's exactly what I will show you in this video and oh my god, it's an absolute game changer. The AI is built into this browser. Look at this guys, it clicks around my trading view and improves the strategy, changes the code, checks the KPIs in the back tester until it reached a good result. The crazy thing is that it's very easy to use and look at these numbers that it produced from a simple prompt to create a smart hodl strategy. Very impressive for the first try. Just imagine what you can do after watching this video. In the next 10 minutes, I will change your game forever. So make sure to stick around, watch the video until the end. Before we start, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you because otherwise, the YouTube algorithm will never know. Also remember, this is not financial advice, crypto is risky, you can lose all of your money and that is why I run this educational channel so that you can be ahead of the herd. Subscribe and let's go. First of all, go to chachipti.com slash atlas to download the browser and right now it's available for Mac OS, but it will be available for Windows and other platforms very very soon. Go there, install it and then open a new tab and here you can see it looks like Chachi PT, but it's actually a browser. So type in tradingview.com, press enter and as you can see on the top you have an address bar and it's pretty much similar to Chrome and other browsers. Now log in to tradingview and go to product super charts, which gives you the familiar interface where you can check out the chart, open the pine editor and all the good stuff. The magic happens when you click on ask chachipti, which opens up this panel on the right side, which I will show you exactly how to use to automate creating trading strategies. What you can see behind me guys is mind blowing. The AI took over my pine script. OK, it's coding. It's adding the strategy to the chart. It's checking the back test results with the goal to reach a good strategy with high PNL and low max drawdown. I put it all in this prompt, which I will give you later on. But let's see what this freaking AI is doing. OK, because as you can see, it's putting new code here, it's saving it, adding it to the chart and then analyzing the numbers. And oh, my God, right? The mind blowing thing about this and the game changer is, of course, that it can see its own creation. OK, so it created this strategy with 526 percent profit, right? And 27 percent max drawdown. So that's one version. But it doesn't mean it will stop here, right? It will continue with new ideas. You can see, right? It goes back to the pine editor and it will add new code and try several versions before it gives me a result. And this is a huge time saver and game changer, because in the past, right? We were copy pasting code between the AI and the pine editor. And then we were, well, disappointed. And then to communicate back to the AI what the issue was, right? Was a bit of a pain in the **** and we were always needed in between the AI and the pine editor. But now the AI can just do it itself. OK, it can fix coding errors. It can try different versions and all of that works with the agent mode. OK, let me show you how to use it yourself. And I got distracted because the AI just finished his job of creating this strategy. The best performing smart-holder strategy. This is the code. These are the results. 1,250 percent profit since 2018 with 31.5 percent max drawdown. It took it about nine minutes, which are nine minutes of my life. I didn't have to invest into copy pasting code between the AI and the pine editor and all these things, right? Quite nice. And I'm very happy with the result. Now, let me finally show you how you can do exactly the same for that. Go to the link down below where you will find the prompt. So the first part of the prompt is telling it what you want and what to optimize for. OK, so I said I want the highest profit with the lowest drawdown. And basically, I said I want the ratio between highest profit to drawdown percent ratio, OK, easy. And then I said I wanted to do a buy and hold strategy that's called smart hodl that takes advantage of the cycles. And I said that it should check the strategy tester to check the creation to see the KPIs. And if it's not good, then just improve it until you found a version which has the best, like I said, ratio. So this is something that you have to change, depending on what you want it to do. And, oh, my God, I have so many ideas like, for example, I can go to Trading View, add multiple indicators on my chart and tell the AI, the agent mode AI to take these indicators and combine them into a strategy itself. Check the KPIs and give me the best version. Oh, my God, OK, so make sure to subscribe. I will try way more things with this agent mode. OK, and then these two sections, you can leave them as they are. These are just instructions for the AI to not mess up. And then you simply copy the whole prompt, you go back to the browser tab. You paste the whole thing here, right? But don't forget to activate the agent mode. OK, click on it. And as you can see here, the agent mode is not unlimited. I have 24 left, which is fine because I had, I don't even know how many I had, but I was using it all the time and I still have 24. Keep in mind, it's a paid feature as well because this is a very heavy operation for OpenAI. So you must have the plus plan or more in order to use this. OK, so now you have the agent mode on, you have the prompt in there, right? It says what you wanted to do. And now the last thing to make it a bit easier for the AI is to come here to the Pine Editor, right? And to create a new strategy, OK, click on strategy here and just save this and say test AI, whatever you want to call it. Save it. So now it has a blank canvas. It can go and edit however it likes. Also, make sure to be on the right chart and time frame for which you want the AI to create the strategy. Perfect. So now click on the blue button here to send the prompt and boom, the whole thing would start working for you. And that's just the beginning of what you can do with this browser AI. You can also tell the agent to collect the data from the back tester and give it to you in a format that you can later on analyze. And the best thing is it can go through all of the assets that you like. This is cool if you want to analyze the strategy on multiple assets. I will give you the prompt for that in the next video. Or you can use it to analyze the chart for you and show you the chart patterns that it sees. But well, in this particular case, the result was pretty bad. Of course, I have a solution for this, so make sure to be subscribed to this channel, click the bell, click on all so you don't miss out. And if you need further help, then join the telegram group where 16,000 people link is down below. If you want a readymade system that you can use out of the box and has been working for many years, then consider the auto trading masterclass. It comes with all my knowledge, my trading strategies, of course, access to my VIP group, all of my knowledge is here in the curriculum to deal with any and every situation that the market throws at you. You will also learn how to build a risk adjusted portfolio, which is an absolute game changer for anyone in this market. So if this sounds interesting to you, then do a little bit of research to see if this is really for you. Watch this video here and also check the reviews and as well read the website. OK, please, because this is limited to a thousand members only. It says over here and it might be for you. Then I love to have you with us, but it might not be. It really depends where you are on your journey. If you're new to the market, it might not be for you. OK, because you still have to learn a couple of things. But if you're already in the crypto market for a while, you have seen how good and bad it can be and you've tried some other things and you are still searching for the right program and the right process for you. Then this might be the solution you're looking for. Also, check the review videos. These are members and I'm really happy they sent these videos because they are very busy people and I'm very happy we have them. So check them out, see what they're saying. And if this is for you, OK, if this makes a lot of sense for you, then click on the apply for access button over here and we will talk. And if it's a good match, then I love to have you with us. And once you have your desired strategy or strategies, then it's time to automate them because you want to eliminate human emotions and any kind of execution mistakes. And for that reason, this is the next video you should watch. Do. Yeah, do. Yeah, yeah. Stop. Lost. I said, watch the punch rise and fall.