In this video, I want to go over four major ETFs that I'm looking to accumulate myself on whatever market correction that we've ever seen in the next, well, month or two, especially if, you know, the old war talk start to get really drummed up and produce some sort of volatility. We'll also go over a bit of Bitcoin action at the end of this video. But first things first, let's go over the first major ETF that I'm looking to accumulate, which is symbol AIQ. I'll give you a quick synopsis of it and then I'll tell you, you know, kind of what I'm looking for on whatever sort of a correction that we may be getting. Over here, AIQ, according to GROC, is very lovely, very nice. And of course, what does it do? It is related to artificial intelligence and big data and big data centers. So basically the idea here is to get exposure to companies that are benefiting from, you know, artificial intelligence, the development of it, people or people companies that actually use it and the hardware that is used to analyze data as well. All of these things, in my opinion, are, well, probably going to be massively beneficial, you know, massively useful, massively valuable, and likely that equates to price going up, especially when we look at a chart like this. So first things first, I actually did buy this one recently because on the weekly timeframe here, we actually have seen a decent correction as of right now, about 10% down from the current highs. And as of current moment, it is still on high low. So I did put a little bit of money to work earlier this week, understanding that, yes, for me, these are going to be very, very long-term positions, meaning that I very well may go underwater on this position. But as of right now, it still does hold a higher low here. So I should kind of like it in this current regard. But if we are going to get a further dump off, I would be looking very specifically at the $43.5 dollarish number right here to accumulate more. That would be a test of the yellow 21 EMA on the monthly time from right here and also would be playing out, you know, what would be very small amounts of bearish divergence on your higher-term time frame. So, you know, if it does break down, that's where I'm looking for. But as always, you know, I never know if I'm going to be exactly right on that or not. It's just an area of interest of it where to get there. And as of right now, you know, I'm still respecting the overall uptrend. So yes, I did put a little bit of money to work here below $49. I won't give out my exact price. But again, long-term position, might go underwater. If it does, I know where I'm buying next because I do want to accumulate this thing a long term. Moving on to the next one, it is going to be Symbol XAR. This one, of course, is going to be Defense Technology. It's a little bit more of a traditional Defense Technology ETF. In this case, it is going to be following aerospace and just defense in general, I suppose, but mostly focused on aerospace, like flying, like fucking planes, planes, drones, these sort of things. And the defense companies are related to them. And basically, this one is 100% in industrials. So as of right now, we've seen industrials more or less lead this market. So it is kind of the current rotational force. And this one, this one owns stuff like Carmen Holdings, Lockheed Martin, things like this, you know, your traditional major defense producers. In my opinion, defense technologies and defense stocks in general are an existential need for any major country, just like AIQ is an existential need for businesses because you need to compete. Thus, you need better processing power. And for XAR, this one has actually been doing better than the other defense ETFs that I've been involved in. So I actually don't even have a position in this one as of the current moment. There are two major areas that I'm looking to get in on this thing on any sort of a correction. One would be that last low that we saw from February of this year at about 259 or so. I think it's very possible we might see another test down around there. You know, at some point, then again, I go to the monthly and it's like, maybe it's just straight up. Maybe it's just straight fucking vertical. But, but, you know, if this thing does come back down to range there, yeah, that's where I'm interested in it. And then of course, if we were to break down further, again, this might be a little bit of a hope for me. But the next place I'd be very interested in investing in this for the long term is 250 until then. This is actually one of the more aggressively bullish charts, I should say, with that next higher low coming in again around 259. So any any sort of move down around about two, six years. So I probably would do a bit of a starter position. And overall, I can't really hate on this as far as long term history. I mean, it's basically vertical for the past 14, 15 years, which is a sign of a very strong asset. Anyways, moving on to the next one, it is symbol ROBO. This one, as a name might imply, is related to AI and robotics. If we go over here, the purpose of this one is to track automation and robotics to invest in companies advancing, well, those those sort of things in AI, including industrial and non-industrial robots and autonomous vehicles. I don't think I need to explain why this one's important. It's just in I mean, we humans are fucking obsessed with technology and furthering furthering technology and, well, what is this? It's probably the biggest one of the biggest developments probably over a lifetime. This one's to the holdings here, diversified global firms in robotics and AI focus on market leaders and innovators, typically 80 plus holdings across tech and industrials. And I think that this is going to be the big winner for that sector. There's a couple of their ETS that we see for similar things like ROBT. It's obviously not a strong. I mean, you can see right here, it's not broken out to new highs, whereas ROBO has. So I like this one. In fact, this one is one of the few ones where I actually just buy pretty much where it's at right now. Can I go into one on this? Yeah, absolutely. If it comes back to about 75 bucks, I'd probably put in a little more money there as well, to be honest with you. Overall, this one is on the verge of closing on new monthly all-time highs, breaking very importantly, the previous February 2021 highs right here. Closing above there would effectively validate a major macro breakout. We got eight and a half days left in February in this month of February. So basically anywhere above 73 bucks and I'm happy to just be a holder of this. Yeah, there might be pullbacks here and there. But ultimately, you know, I just want exposure at this point, to be honest with you. So yeah. And again, I actually should have mentioned that I do also hold a position from lower. And in fact, the the ones that I already do hold are ROBO and AIQ. I do already have startup positions in these from much lower that I got in in April of 2025 during that last dumpola. Anyways, moving on to the last one, it is going to be DTCR data center, as the name might imply, it is going to be going off of, well, data senders reached digital infrastructure, these sort of things, basically exposure to what I consider like the tools of this new, you know, AI automation robotics era, like I'm trying to find, as the old saying goes, the shovels to sell in a gold rush rather than just going for the gold, which the gold, I mean, you know, we already got it right here with ROBO and AIQ beautiful, but I also want to own, you know, the technologies that are going to, of course, you know, benefit from the increased utilization of these things or the increased use, sorry, value of these things, you know, people want to use them more and more. So this one's actually going to be a mix of REITs and hardware firms and the top holding is going to be windbound electronics, equinox and digital realty trust. And this one, again, you know, this one's pretty much at all-time highs as well. I do think that this one's probably the most in danger of having a severe correction. I would personally like to get it around about 22 and a half to 23 bucks. I do not have a position in this one as of the current moment, but, you know, pending this week's rejection, I do think that you at least see some downside to about 2480ish region. And if that area fails, and yeah, I'd personally like to see about 23 or a little bit below 23 at 2280ish region. That's where I'd actually like to put some money to work. But this one's probably the least steady of all of them, to be honest, just because, you know, it is going to be putting in a bit of a rejection as of right now. So I want to see that play out first, then maybe go in a little bit later. But overall, I mean, it's been, you know, it's been a tremendous winner since its inception in 2021. I mean, this thing's gone from like, you know, 15 bucks all the way to 25. I guess not a tremendous, tremendous winner, but it has done pretty damn well, especially since the all-time lows at 11 bucks. Anyways, yes. So we got that. We got that. We got that. Yeah, that's pretty much, you know, what I'm looking at for my next major additions to my investment portfolio. Again, these are long term positions. I like to say for these positions, you know, probably realistically about 10 years for me. But I would say in general, you know, if you're looking about four or five years out from now, probably going to be OK, just in general, in the short term, very well may go into water on some of those, maybe even all of them. But but ultimately, I do want to get bigger positions or start positions in those anyways, moving on to Bitcoin here, I think I've spoken a lot about Bitcoin's downside and whatnot. As far as the short term goes, I'm still looking at the ribbon ribbons over here, the ribbit ribbons, and they're still getting things incredibly well. And we can see that the mid band is coming in at 70,342, meaning that as long as Bitcoin is closed below there, I still just remain a downside in a downside bias, likely targeting the pattern target here for the short term at around 62,800. I think you might even get a week down to these green dots right here, which is typically your trending targets at 60,100 or so. But anywhere in that pocket, I do think it's still a fair game. And I do think that we will see a test down around there in the next week or two. Now, am I going to buy that test? I might put in a little bit of money if Bitcoin does have an initial stint. Here is exactly what I'm looking for. If Bitcoin has like a very quick dagger down to, you know, somewhere in the mid to upper fifties, something like this, perhaps, and then quickly recovers into a week back above 60,000 bucks. That is the point where I actually put more money to work in Bitcoin for, again, long term investments. But if you're a short term trader, right now, the only positions that really make sense are to the downside. I mean, it's just trend and the trend is your friend. And ultimately, the trend has been your friend in this direction ever since Bitcoin lost 93000 bucks over here. That gave us that initial bearish bias on this current reversal. You know, that's been holding true for now more than two months or sorry, more than a month. And and yeah, at some point, this one will reverse, you know, it will put in a rally and break that mid-band. But until that, I just don't have a reason to change around my opinion here. It continues to put in lower highs. And at the end of the day, following the trend is going to be much better than not following the trend. Yes, at some point, it will reverse. But for now, still looking for another test to the downside. I think it's also very interesting to be mindful or very interesting, very valuable to be mindful of this weekly's closure. So the next thing that I'm looking for to really initiate, likely a next week move to the downside for Bitcoin, although I do think that it probably won't go super far down, you know, like maybe 58000 bucks or something like that, would be watching the weekly stochastic mental master on CME. This one had a chance to cross the upside of last week alongside extreme fear reads on the Pesto fear index rate here. Actually, I don't have it on this chart, but the Pesto fear index was definitely in fearful reads and and it actually failed that pivot. And the pivot was only 69000 bucks in change. Bitcoin closed the weekly below there. So when I see that pivot go up from 69 to about 73 to 50 is what it currently is. That's usually, well, in this case, a bearish signal. So as long as bitcoins below that number, which again, pending a like what a seven thousand dollar rally between now and the end of Friday, it will continue to the downside. You know, I do think you're going to retest those lows, probably even putting a little bit lower. Again, what I'm specifically looking for to look at to look at potentially adding to long term Bitcoin investments is I want to see a quick stab somewhere down around here. Let me just draw it out. Boom, somewhere down around there, like below 60 and then recover intro week back above 60. If I see something like that, OK, I'm happy to put a little bit more money you know, to work for the long term here. But until then, this is still a risk to the downside. I would say I don't think that this thing has significant downsides from here, at least without, you know, going sideways for a while. And we're seeing already extreme volatility. It's not going to catch not going to stay for that long. And, you know, even though that the weekly still cast also is heavily in the bearish controls on and is angled to the downside when you're in areas like this, it's just very difficult to keep the moment up the momentum on a long time horizon. So what I suspect you're going to see is you're going to see some like this on the weekly, you're going to see it come down for another week or two and then hopefully turn up and then you'll have bullish evidence. And then you should play out, you know, a pretty big bounce on Bitcoin at that point. I think you might get like a 75,000, maybe even 80,000 80,000 dollar bounce in best case scenario for Bitcoin. And at that point, you know, we'd have to come back to it and see, OK, is this a real reversal or not? But for right now, you know, the trend is your friend. Downside is still the more likely to direction. And I do think that Bitcoin is poised here for another retest of these lows regardless of whether you're super bullish or super bearish. So I think we'll end things right there. I'm curious if you actually like these type of videos, because, you know, I'm starting to view a little bit more into long term investing and traditional marks myself. And I'm curious if, you know, the community is interested in sort of things. Let me know by liking the video, because that's just the easiest way that YouTube directly tells me, hey, this is shit that like people actually care about or not, because at the end of the day, you know, hopefully it's in some way valuable to you as well, not just like, you know, talking, you know, talking in my own little vortex here. Anyways, yeah, I think we'll end things on that note. Oh, now that I recognize it on the daily time for Bitcoin, very possible. We might even see the daily stochastic also to turn to the downside today and play out this trend line regression from the last couple of highs from January 6th, connected with 17th of January. So that was this high and this high, respectively. And that will turn down officially pending tonight's closure if Bitcoin still blows 67,730. So, yeah, again, if Bitcoin recovers above there, I guess maybe another retest of this low 70,000 dollar number. But until then, yeah, you know, all signals are favoring a downside bias here. So, yeah, in that case, I'm definitely bullish, right? Anyways, we'll end things on that note. As always, I'm going to show you the best best take care, much love and see you hopefully Friday.