That's right guys, OpenAI released yet another model, Chatchapiti 5.2 and I've tested it for trading strategies for you guys so you know exactly where this model is good and where it's still. And spoiler alert, yes it is able to solve a problem that no other AI can and I will show you exactly what that is in this video and yes it will be mega beneficial for you guys. Can this AI convert an indicator into a trading strategy? Can it improve a trading strategy? Okay. Can it also come up with a completely new trading strategy from the scratch? I want to tickle its senses right? There is some knowledge in there right? There is some awesome trading strategy and I want to surface it with this question yes and then also can it find the source code of a closed source indicator? Very interesting as well and I have videos for all of these things but in this video I'm testing this model for these challenges. So by the end of this video you know exactly what to use this model for and what better to use other models for and as well you might get a nice interesting trading strategy out of this video. Let's see. Let's get started and guys make sure to like this video if it adds value to you because otherwise the YouTube algorithm will never know and also you're supporting this channel. Also remember this is not financial advice, crypto is risky, you can lose all of your money guys and that is why I run this educational channel so that you are always ahead of the herd. And let's go. And as you can see guys, CHPT 5.2 wins in all of the benchmarks. It beats itself right? And also Claude and also Gemini 3 Pro which is very impressive but we don't care about all of these benchmarks, we care about two of them and the first one is the software engineering one here which CHPT 5.2 solves 55.6% of those challenges which is better than everyone else and we also care about the knowledge work benchmark where CHPT 5.2 is able to solve 70.9% of the challenges which is miles ahead of the competition. So my challenges for this AI model should be a walk in the park. Let's see what really happens. Let's start by converting this indicator behind me into a trading strategy and I did the same challenge with Gemini 3 and we got amazing results. Let's see what this model is able to produce. Now the indicator below also changes the colors of my candles, right? So let me turn it off quickly so you can see the difference and turn it back on. You can see the green portion means, well, you should belong. Yes, not financial advice, but that's what it looks like. And then the red portion looks like you should be either out of the market or you might even want to go short. And I want the AI to take the source code of this indicator right here and convert it into a trading strategy however it wants with the goal to get amazing results. And then let's compare with what the other AI models were able to come up with. Let's do it quickly. You already know how this works. I will still do it. And if you want to know exactly step by step, I will link the Gemini video up here where I've done it much slower than in this video. But I don't want to always repeat because it might be boring for you guys. OK, so first of all, you need the right prompt. OK, so we have the prompt and the link to this document is down below. You always get all of my prompts guys, OK? Because I'm here to help you guys, OK? So this is the prompt for converting an indicator into a strategy. It's pretty simple, really. I'm just giving it a couple of things to take care of. And I have to also provide it the indicator code, obviously. And also I should provide it the chart data so that it can do backtesting in the background and come up with a good solution. OK, so first of all, I will simply copy this prompt and I go to chatgbt.com and I make sure I have the 5.2 thinking model activated and I simply paste the prompt in there. And the prompt says, please convert this indicator to a trading strategy as you see fit because this is supposed to be an intelligent model. OK, I wanted to have all the freedom in the world. Then also find attached the data of the chart and the indicator on the Bitcoin USD one day chart, right? So it knows what it's dealing with and then the rest of the stuff. It's very simple, really. And now let's give it the indicator code as well. Let's go back to Trading View. Let's click here on these brackets and then just copy the entire code and go back to the AI and paste it in there. All right, just somewhere on the bottom. It's fine, right? And now we need to give it as well the data of the exported chart because we want the AI to have the same candles, right? To backtest with as we have in Trading View. And the way to do that is simply, well, first of all, turn off all the indicators otherwise they will be exported as well and scroll out so that you force Trading View to load enough data. So make sure 2018, which is this peak here, 2018 is definitely loaded already. It just has to be visible on the chart, OK? So you can go to the left side and you see it loads more data. So the more data you have, the better, right? But it has to have 2018 at least and future, of course. And then you can click here and then download the chart data and simply download the thing. And now take the CSV and drop it into the chart. And this is again, this is the data of the Bitcoin USD one day chart. And as you can see, this is version 26 because I've been testing this forever, OK? And now that all the data is there, just let the AI do its job. Let's go. And long story short, it thought for two minutes, 52 seconds, quite long and gave me this trading strategy, which let's see how it performs. Click on copy code, go back to Trading View and now click on this icon here. They put the Pine Editor here as an icon and then simply create a new trading strategy and paste the new code in there. Click Save, click Save again and then click on Add to Chart. And ta-da! We have a total PNL of 1,125% and a max drawdown of 22.43%, which is a very interesting number. Remember this when we compare with the other AIs. But before we look deeper into the KPIs, let's see if the trading logic did what we expected it to do. And as you can see here, it looks pretty much like that because whenever here a green portion starts, a green bar appears here, then also there is a buy signal. And then when the green bars basically fall over cliff and we get a red bar here on the indicator, then there is a sell signal and that happens over and over again. For example, here you can see, right? A green bar appears on the indicator, buy signal, a red bar appears, sell signal. And with that logic, if we apply it for these seven to eight years, then these are the KPIs we get. But are these KPIs better than the other AIs we're able to come up with? Let's compare with what Gemini gave us. This is what we get from Gemini in the same timeframe, 2485% total PNL and also the max drawdown is much higher, 46.11%, right? So this is why I told you to remember the max drawdown number, but then as well we get a higher PNL, right? So that is very interesting. And the reason for that is simply that the Gemini version is also trading on the way down, right? As you can see here, whenever there is a downtrend, it's also trading to trying to squeeze out some more. But then when we go to the GPT version, you can see it's fully ignoring the downtrend and not trading there whatsoever, only started trading back here in the uptrend. And that's the difference between the PNL and also the max drawdown. In case you're wondering, Claude had pretty much the same numbers as the Gemini version. Is this good or bad? I think it's neutral, right? Because when you have higher PNL, you can also have a higher drawdown. And when you have a lower PNL, you must have a lower drawdown. Otherwise, you're taking on more risk for less reward. It doesn't make any sense, right? So GPT did a good job and I will give it a checkbox. Let's also see what the GPT version can achieve on Ethereum. For example, these are the KPIs. You can pause the video and check it out. Then as well, Solana, all of them on the one day chart. By the way, these are the KPIs. Cardano, Ada, these are the KPIs. And let's check as well, Fetch AI, these are the KPIs. And of course, guys, this is not financial advice, just showing you the historic numbers of this new strategy that we just created. And guys, remember, you don't need to create your own trading strategies, especially if you don't have time and especially once you have figured out that creating your own trading strategies is actually a hard work, yes? Also you need to forward test them for many years and also you need to avoid overfitting and other issues. I've done all of this. I have a full system. It's called Auto Trading Masterclass. I will talk about it at the end of the video. So if you need a solution for the entire crypto market from bear to bull and back to bear, risk adjusted portfolio strategies you can use and a VIP community, consider that. But until then, let's continue with this video. Let's now see if this new model can improve an existing trading strategy. And I'm gonna make it super exciting because I'm gonna take the existing Gaussian channel strategy which all of you guys love because it protected your behinds from massive losses. I mean, not financial advice, but that's what actually happened, right? And also I wanna improve it to make it even better to add shorting logic. So what happened already is that the strategy sold over here, this is Bitcoin one day chart and it avoided a massive loss, right? But it didn't take advantage of the price dropping and that's what I want to ask the AI to do to add shorting logic because as you can see here, this particular strategy here on the performance tab, it doesn't do anything on the short side. Everything it does is on the long side. It's still good and everything, right? But let's try to also go short and see if we can make even more P&L. Spoiler alert, amazing result. The prompt for this is also in the document linked down below, improve trading strategy, add shorting logic. Basically it says improve this trading strategy by adding logic to also take short trades to benefit from falling prices. This logic can completely be separate from the long logic. That means I don't want it to simply go short when the long closes because that is a pretty bad idea I already tried and I wanted to find a completely different logic if it wants to go short. Just make something that works, okay? The goal is to have a higher P&L and a lower max drawdown than the strategy given and this is interesting, right? Because I have to give it as well the exported strategy trades, okay? So it knows which trades already happened so it then can come up with a better and higher P&L with a lower drawdown, right? So it needs to know what is happening now so it can do better, okay? Basically I'm going here and I'm exporting all the trades here, download data as Excel basically. Those are all the trades from this trading strategy, okay? That's how to do that. And then as well I'm exporting the chart data as I did before as well. And I want to do that without the strategy turned on without any indicator turned on because otherwise I will get this data as well in my export and I don't want to have that. I just want the Bitcoin data, okay? So download chart data, right? And I'm going to take these two files with the prompt that I showed you here, right? And I'm going to give it to the AI. Let me show you. In chargeability 5.2, make sure you have 5.2 thinking turned on. I gave it the two files I have just downloaded, right? So this is the one with the performance of the strategy list of trades, all of them are there and the second one is simply just the Bitcoin chart data, okay? As before, and I copy pasted the prompt here, right? And then I just pasted the entire code of the strategy that I want to improve. And this is the Gaussian channel code that you don't have but again, I have and I just wanted to see if it's able to come up with something cool. It thought for very long time. I mean, look at this guys, 19 minutes and 16 seconds, all right? So yes, I made a coffee during that time and then give me a second. And I was quite surprised to see the results. So the result is this. Let me copy the code and show you the KPIs in trading view. In trading view, I pasted it here into a new strategy. I add to the chart and well, I get an error, all right? That happened, yeah? And so the way to fix this is simply it wants to trade a particular amount of quantity and it did it wrong. So I just removed that, okay? So then it will simply trade 100%, all right? And I saved it and then it worked. So it's not flawless, right? But let me show you the KPIs guys because this is super interesting. So as you can see here on the short side, and yes, I'm in the way, so I put myself up there. So on the short side, it actually made a profit which is very seldom like no other AI model was able to come up with a shorting logic that actually makes profit, all right? And that means that you see now the Gaussian channel strategy on Bitcoin reached 4,091% PNL, it never managed that, right? And the drawdown, and that's very important, it's still pretty low with 22%. So that is fascinating, guys. This is very good and I'm very happy with that. Let's check how it performs on some other assets, Ethereum, these are the KPIs. Again, you can pause and check it out. Solana, these are the KPIs. Yes, it also goes short, right? As you have seen before, Cardano ADA as well, and then Fetch.ai so that we have all the same assets as before and these numbers are crazy to say the least. Again, not financial advice, I'm not promising you these results, just doing some experimentation here and I'm quite happy with the numbers. Well, not exactly with all numbers because the max drawdown often is too high but I will work on that and then let's see where this strategy will end up. If I will put it in my course or I will put it into Signum where all of you guys can get access to it. So if you're wondering what I'm talking about in Signum, this is a trade automation software where you can automate any trading strategy. The Gaussian channel strategy is there as well and you can simply click on Get Access, put your Trading View username and click on Give Access Now, you get the Confetti, right? And then you can add it to your chart and all the good stuff. You can watch this video here that is linked so that you know exactly how to use it but most likely you already know that because you're watching my channel for a longer time. And because Chatchapiti 5.2 was able to come up with the trading logic that actually produces better numbers than any other AI, this is a fat green checkbox for this model. Let's check if this new model, Chatchapiti 5.2 can come up with a completely new trading strategy from the scratch and the idea here is that I'm pretty sure it has a lot of knowledge and somewhere there there is the best trading strategy hidden and I want it to surface it to us, right? That is why this is the prompt I'm using for that. Again, you have it of course in the document here, right? I need the best trading strategy you can come up with for this chart and I give it the data as well. Avoid some issues, right? Some limitations here, not many, right? You can change them as well if you want long or if you want short as well. And again, you have the prompt in the document over here, right? So I need the best trading strategy you can come up with for Bitcoin use D1D chart. Avoid this and this and this. And then long only you can change this, right? If you want short as well. But I start with long only because if that works, I'm already very happy and that has the highest chance of success anyway, right? Because mostly markets go up, right? Remember that. And then some other things that I always use here are some other limitations and I'm telling it, I want a high PNL net profit and I want the max drawdown to be below 30 because I think on Bitcoin, that should be the case, right? Okay, let's go. And I give it the chart data as usual and then let's see what happens. This is how it looks like in Chatchity itself, okay? So this is the file, this is the prompt and after nine minutes of thinking, which by the way, I'm very happy that OpenAI lets this model think for long enough to come up with a good solution, okay? I really hate it when they cut it off and then you get some solution. I want the best solution, okay? So in this case, it was thinking for nine minutes. Remember the previous example? It was thinking for 19 minutes. Great, I love it, okay? So this is the result, but let me tell you that it had a lot of issues, okay? Because I had this coding error and it's pretty typical that it has issues with ADX and DMI, it's pretty typical thing. So that's still the same issue as it had before. Then I told it, hey, please fix that. Then it ran in circles really. It gave this solution, it didn't work and so on. So I had to go back and forth. At some point, it figured it out, okay? So this is the code that actually worked. Let me show you the results. Back in TradingView, I open a new strategy, I save it here, add to the chart the usual thing, right? And these are the numbers, okay? Always remember, same timeframe as always so we can always compare these strategies. It drew some lines on the chart, really don't care right now. I just want to see the KPIs and as you can see here, 952% total PNL, right? Net profit with 20%, 20.8 max drawdown, which is good as below the 30% I told it, but it's not impressive as a result because the PNL is much lower than as you've seen the Gaussian channel with the long and short logic which blew everything out of the water really other than my core strategies, but this is definitely not the best result. And sadly, because of that, this model for this challenge, it cannot get a green checkbox. Gemini 3 and Claude 4.5 were much better at this. And the last challenge I have for GPT 5.2 is also the hardest challenge, which is to recreate an indicator, right? So let's say it's a closed source indicator and you give it the right amount of data and it should be able to recreate the indicator code even though the code is not given to you, you can create it based of the results that it has. And I made a specific dedicated video just for this and I will link it up top, okay? So if you want to know exactly how to recreate an indicator, then watch that. Now, let's see if GPT 5.2 can do that. And the good news is that, yes, it can do that. And as you can see here, those are the green and the red lines are the original lines. And then here, the blue line that is on top is exactly or almost exactly on top of the lines that were there before, meaning that, yes, it was able to recreate this indicator and yes, the code for that is very simple, right? This is a super trend indicator simply, but yes, it works. And I gave it only the results and then it was able to reconstruct it. And the way that it works, and again, I have a dedicated video for this, but the way that it works is that you export the chart data in a particular way where the indicator is part of the export and then you give it this particular prompt and it should work out. And the good news is that, yes, GPT 5.2 is able to do that so it gets a fat green checkbox. What does it all mean? What is the conclusion, Michael? Well, my opinion is that this model is great and it should be part of your portfolio of AIs. What I mean is that there is not one AI that can solve all of your strategy problems. As you can see, right, this model was able to add shorting logic to the Gaussian channel strategy and it blew my mind and even now gives me a new basis for a strategy that I can offer to you guys or my members, right? So I mean, make sure to stay subscribed and see what's going on with that strategy, right? But the thing is that no model can solve all your issues, right? So that's why I use three AIs and I go through them top down, okay? I start with Claude because it's the best AI for coding. It has a long thinking window, yeah? So it can think for a long time, which is good because it can try multiple things until it gives me a proper result and I can go have food, get coffee, whatever, right? I have no issues with an AI taking time if the result is good, right? Then I go to Chatchapiti because now I think this one is the second best one and then I go to the Gemini model because if you've watched my Gemini video, I will link it up here. It failed a couple of challenges completely, okay? So that's why it cannot be on the second place, okay? It has to be on the third place. So those are the AIs I go through when I have a strategy challenge, okay? Top down, that's the conclusion. There is not one AI, they can figure it out but if there was, you would know from this channel. If your crypto portfolio is $25,000 or more then you need more than just trading strategies. Consider the auto trading masterclass where I teach you my entire process including my trading strategies, of course, which are the best in the industry. Click on these screenshots and you will see every single trade they took but you need the education to properly build a risk-adjusted portfolio to know how to play the markets depending on the cycles and how to rebalance, how to use all of this to your advantage, right? Do your homework, by the way. Check the reviews, watch the video here on the website and you will understand that this is a limited access program for 1000 people only. We still have some seeds because I just started the program one year ago. This is the most advanced program that you can find and this is just for higher net worth individuals, for people who have enough money to understand that risk management is the most important thing, okay? So if this is for you, apply for access, click this button. We're gonna talk to each other if it's a good match then you can join. And if you want to learn how to automate a trading strategy, whichever you like, ones that already exist or the ones that you have created yourself, then this is the next video you must watch. It's trading view, uh-huh. Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah. Strategy's, we know what to do, yeah. Do, yeah, yeah. Stop loss, you said, watch the punch rise and fall.