In this video, I want to go over four major ETFs that I'm looking to accumulate myself on whatever market correction that we've ever seen in the next, well, month or two, especially if you know, the old war talk start to get really drummed up and produce some sort of volatility. We'll also go over a bit of Bitcoin action at the end of this video, but first things first, let's go over the first major ETF that I'm looking to accumulate, which is symbol AIQ. I'll give you a quick synopsis of it and then I'll tell you, you know, kind of what I'm looking for on whatever sort of a correction that we may be getting. So over here, AIQ, according to GROC, is very lovely, very nice. And of course, what does it do? It is related to artificial intelligence and big data and big data centers. So basically, the idea here is to get exposure to companies that are benefiting from, you know, artificial intelligence, the development of it, people or people companies that actually use it, and the hardware that is used to analyze data as well. All of these things in my opinion are, well, probably going to be massively beneficial, you know, massively useful, massively valuable. And likely that equates to price going up, especially when we look at a chart like this. So first things first, I actually did buy this one recently, because on the weekly timeframe here, we actually have seen a decent correction as of right now about 10% down from the current highs. And as of current moment, it is still on high low. So I did put a little money, a little bit of money to work earlier this week, understanding that yes, for me, these are going to be very, very long-term positions, meaning that I very well may go underwater on this position. But as of right now, it still does hold a higher low here. So I should kind of like it in this current regard. But if we are going to get a further dump off, I would be looking very specifically at the $43.5 dollarish number right here to accumulate more. That would be a test of the yellow 21 EMA on the monthly timeframe right here. And also it would be playing out, you know, what would be very small amounts of bearish divergence on your higher term timeframe. So, you know, if it does break down, that's where I'm looking for. But as always, you know, I never know if I'm going to be exactly right on that or not. It's just an area of interest of it where to get there. And as of right now, you know, I'm still respecting the overall uptrend. So yes, I did put a little bit of money to work here below $49. I won't give out my exact price. But again, long-term position, might go underwater. If it does, I know where I'm buying next, because I do want to accumulate this thing a long term. Moving on to the next one, it is going to be Symbol XAR. This one, of course, is going to be Defense Technology. It's a little bit more of a traditional Defense Technology ETF. In this case, it is going to be following aerospace and just defense in general, I suppose, but mostly focused on, you know, like aerospace, like flying like fucking planes, planes, drones, these sort of things. And the defense companies are related to them. And basically this one is 100% in industrials. So as of right now, we've seen industrials, you know, more or less lead this market. So it is kind of the current rotational force. And this one, this one owns stuff like Carmen Holdings, Lockheed Martin, things like this, you know, your traditional major defense producers. In my opinion, defense technologies and defense stocks in general are an existential need for any major country, just like AIQ is an existential need for businesses because you need to compete. Thus, you need better processing power. And for XAR, this one has actually been doing better than the other defense ETFs that I've been involved in. So I actually don't even have a position in this one as of the current moment. There are two major areas that I'm looking to get in on this thing on any sort of a correction. One would be that last low that we saw from February of this year at about 259 or so. I think it's very possible we might see another test down around there. You know, at some point, then again, I go to the monthly and it's like, maybe it's just straight up. Maybe it's just straight fucking vertical. But if this thing does come back down a range there, yeah, that's where I'm interested in it. And then of course, if we were to break down further, again, this might be a little bit of hope for me, but the next place I'd be very interested in investing in this for the long term is 250. Until then, this is actually one of the more aggressively bullish charts, I should say, with that next higher low coming in again around 259. So any sort of move down around about 26 or so, I probably would do a bit of a starter position. And overall, I can't really hate on this as far as long term history. I mean, it's basically vertical for the past 14, 15 years, which is a sign of a very strong asset. Anyways, moving on to the next one, it is symbol ROBO. This one as a name might imply is related to AI and robotics. If we go over here, the purpose of this one is to track automation and robotics to invest in companies advancing, well, those sort of things in AI, including industrial and non-industrial robots and autonomous vehicles. I don't think I need to explain why this one's important. I mean, we humans are fucking obsessed with technology and furthering technology. And well, what is this? It's probably one of the biggest developments probably over a lifetime. The holdings here are diversified global firms in robotics and AI, focused on market leaders and innovators, typically 80 plus holdings across tech and industrials. And I think that this is going to be the big winner for that sector. There's a couple other ETS that we see for similar things like ROBT. It's obviously not as strong. I mean, you can see right here is not broken out to new highs, whereas ROBO has. So I like this one. In fact, this one is one of the few ones where I actually just buy pretty much where it's at right now. Can I go under one on this? Yeah, absolutely. If it comes back to about 75 bucks, I'd probably put in a little more money there as well to be honest with you. Overall, this one is on the verge of closing on new monthly all-time highs, breaking very importantly, the previous February 2021 highs right here, closing above there would effectively validate a major macro breakout. We got eight and a half days left in February in this month of February. So basically anywhere above 73 bucks and I'm happy to just be a holder of this. Yeah, there might be pullbacks here and there, but ultimately, you know, I just want exposure at this point to be honest with you. So yeah. And again, I actually should have mentioned that I do also hold a position from lower. And in fact, the ones that I already do hold are ROBO and AIQ. I do already have startup positions in these from much lower that I got in in April of 2025 during that last dumpola. Anyways, moving on to the last one, it is going to be DTCR, data center as the name might imply. It is going to be going off of, well, data senders, reached digital infrastructure, these sort of things, basically exposure to what I consider like the tools of this new AI automation robotics era. Like I'm trying to find, as the old saying goes, the shovels to sell in a gold rush rather than just going for the gold, which the gold, I mean, we already got it right here with ROBO and AIQ, beautiful. But I also want to own the technologies that are going to, of course, you know, benefit from the increased utilization of these things or the increased use, sorry, value of these things, you know, people want to use them more and more. So this one's actually going to be a mix of REITs and hardware firms. And the top holdings are going to be windbound electronics, equinics, and digital realty trust. And this one again, you know, this one's pretty much at all times as well. I do think that this one's probably the most in danger of having a severe correction. I would personally like to get it around about 22.5 to 23 bucks. I do not have a position in this one as of the current moment. But, you know, pending this week's rejection, I do think that you'll at least see some downside to about 24 AD-ish region. And if that area fails, and yeah, I'd personally like to see about 23 or a little bit below 23 at 22 AD-ish region. That's where I'd actually like to put some money to work. But this one's probably the least steady of all of them, to be honest, just because, you know, it is going to be putting in a bit of a rejection as of right now. So I'd want to see that play out first, then maybe go in a little bit later. But overall, I mean, it's been, you know, it's been a tremendous winner since its inception in 2021. I mean, this thing's gone from like, you know, 15 bucks all the way to 25. I guess not a tremendous, tremendous winner. But it has done pretty damn well, especially since the old time blows at 11 bucks. Anyways, yes. So we got that, we got that, we got that. Yeah, that's pretty much, you know, what I'm looking at for my next major additions to my investment portfolio. Again, these are long-term positions. I like to say for these positions, you know, probably realistically about 10 years for me. But I would say in general, you know, if you're looking about four or five years out from now, probably going to be okay, just in general. In the short term, very well may go into water on some of those, maybe even all of them, but ultimately I do want to get bigger positions or start positions in those. Anyways, moving on to Bitcoin here. I think I've spoken a lot about Bitcoin's downside and whatnot. As far as the short term goes, I'm still looking at the revenue ribbons over here, the ribbit ribbons, and they're still getting things incredibly well. And we can see that the mid-band is coming in at 70,342, meaning that as long as Bitcoin is closed below there, I still just remain in a downside bias, likely targeting the pattern target here for the short term at around 62,800. I think you might even get a wick down to these green dots right here, which is typically your trending targets at 60,100 or so. But anywhere in that pocket, I do think it's still a fair game. And I do think that we will see a test down around there in the next week or two. Now am I going to buy that test? I might put in a little bit of money if Bitcoin does have an initial stint. Here's exactly what I'm looking for. If Bitcoin has a very quick dagger down to somewhere in the mid to upper 50s, something like this perhaps, and then quickly recovers into a week back above 60,000 bucks, that is the point where I'll actually put more money to work in Bitcoin for, again, long-term investments. But if you're a short-term trader, right now the only positions that really make sense are to the downside. I mean, it's just trend and the trend is your friend, and ultimately the trend has been your friend in this direction ever since Bitcoin lost 93,000 bucks over here. That gave us that initial bearish bias on this current reversal. That's been holding true for now more than a month. And yeah, at some point, this one will reverse. It will put in a rally and break that mid-band. But until that, I just don't have a reason to change around my opinion here. It continues to put in lower highs. And at the end of the day, following the trend is going to be much better than not following the trend. Yes, at some point it will reverse. But for now, still looking for another test to the downside. I think it's also very valuable to be mindful of this weekly's closure. So the next thing that I'm looking for to really initiate likely a next week move to the downside for Bitcoin, although I do think that it probably won't go super far down, like maybe 58,000 bucks or something like that, would be watching the weekly stochastic momentum on CME. This one had a chance to cross the upside at last week alongside extreme fear reads on the Pesto fear index, right here. Actually, I don't have it on this chart, but the Pesto fear index was definitely in fearful reads. And it actually failed that pivot. And the pivot was only 69,000 bucks in change. Bitcoin closed the weekly below there. So when I see that pivot go up from 69 to about 73 to 50 is what it currently is. That's usually, well, in this case, a bearish signal. So as long as Bitcoin's below that number, which again, pending a like what a $7,000 rally between now and the end of Friday, it will continue to the downside. I do think you're going to retest those lows, probably even putting a little bit lower. Again, what I'm specifically looking for to look at potentially adding to long-term Bitcoin investments is I want to see a quick stab somewhere down around here. Let me just draw it out. Boom. Somewhere down around there, like below 60 and then recover intro week back above 60. If I see something like that, okay, I'm happy to put a little bit more money to work for the long-term here. But until then, this is still a rest to the downside. I would say I don't think that this thing has significant downsides from here, at least without going sideways for a while. We're seeing already extreme volatility. It's not going to stay for that long. And even though that the weekly stochastic is heavily in the bearish controls on and is angled to the downside, when you're in areas like this, it's just very difficult to keep the momentum on a long time horizon. So what I suspect you're going to see is you're going to see something like this on the weekly. You're going to see it come down for another week or two, and then hopefully turn up, and then you'll have bullish evidence, and then you should play out a pretty big bounce on Bitcoin at that point. I think you might get like a $75,000, maybe even $80,000 balance in best case scenario for Bitcoin. And at that point, we'd have to come back to it and see, okay, is this a real reversal or not. But for right now, the trend is your friend. Downside is still the more likely to direction. And I do think that Bitcoin is poised here for another retest of these lows, regardless of whether you're super bullish or super bearish. So I think we'll end things right there. I'm curious if you actually like these type of videos, because I'm starting to view a little bit more into long-term investing and traditional markets myself. And I'm curious if the community is interested in sort of things. Let me know by liking the video, because that's just the easiest way that YouTube directly tells me, hey, this is shit that like people actually care about or not. Because at the end of the day, hopefully it's in some way valuable to you as well. Not just like talking in my own little vortex here. Anyways, yeah, I think we'll end things on that note. Oh, now that I recognize it, on the daily timeframe for Bitcoin, very possible, we might even see the daily stochastic also to turn to the downside today and play out this trend line regression from the last couple of highs from January 6 connected with 17th of January. So that was this high and this high respectively. And that will turn down officially pending tonight's closure if Bitcoin still blows 67,730. So yeah, again, if Bitcoin recovers above there, I guess maybe another retest of this low $70,000 number. But until then, yeah, all signals are favoring a downside bias here. So yeah, in that case, I'm definitely bullish, right? Anyways, we'll end things on that note. As always, I'm going to share one of the best bets to take care, much love and see you hopefully Friday.