This indicator is designed for scalpers. I want to teach you a very accurate trading strategy based on this indicator, so make sure you watch this video until the end and let's get started. Before I add the indicator, if you like my content, please support the channel by liking the video and subscribing to my channel if you haven't subscribed yet. Alright, on TradingView Platform here, we click on indicators and we search scalping pullback, this one which is written by just uncle L. Alright, this is the indicator and as you can see it's overlaid on the price chart. Let me explain what we have here and then I will teach you the trading strategy. This blue line here is an EMA with length of 200. It is our medium EMA. We have this green line here which is an EMA length of 89 and this is our fast EMA and then we have this red line here with the two bands above and below that and this is an EMA with length of 34 which is based on close, high and low and this is called price action channel. You can also have another EMA with an extreme length for identifying major trend of the market. If we go to the settings of the indicator, here we can turn on the slow EMA which is an EMA with length of 600 and you can see that this gray line here is added to the chart which is an EMA with length of 600 and this is our slow EMA. So this gray line is slow EMA, the blue line, medium EMA, the green line, fast EMA and this red line with the bands is price action channel which is an EMA with length of 34 based on close, low and high. All right now that you know what we have here, let me explain the trading strategy but before that I'm proud to announce that I have published a book, The Art of Price Action Trading which is a complete guide to price action analysis. The link is in the description and you can get it later if you want to master price action trading. All right now let me teach you how you can find buy sell signals based on this indicator. As I said this gray line here has length of 600 and it is used for trend identification in a very long term perspective but in our trading strategy we're not gonna use this EMA and this EMA with length of 200 is enough for us to identify the trends. So we go to the settings of the indicator and we turn off the slow EMA so we don't get distracted by that line. All right in the first step we need to identify the current trend of the market and then we try to look for trading opportunities in the same direction with the current trend. This is a long position setup and then I will teach you a short position setup. For a long position setup we are looking for a situation like this where the price is above the price action channel, the price action channel is above the green EMA and the green EMA is above the blue EMA. This shows that the current trend is an uptrend and also in a short term perspective we have greater upside momentum in the market. So here the trend is identified and we are in an uptrend and we should look for long position opportunities and the best opportunity is when there is a pullback. We want a pullback of the price at least to the price channel and if the price goes lower than this it is okay. For example here you can see that the price touched the price action channel, we could mark the previous swing high and you can see that this level was broken here by the help of this scandal. So we could enter a long position at this point with the stop plus below the channel and profit target at 1.5 risk to reward ratio. We can have two types of pullbacks, shallow pullbacks and deeper pullbacks. Deeper pullbacks can give you more probability if you have proper confirmation. For example we can add RSI this one relative strength index and we will use it with default settings for more confirmation on the deeper pullbacks. Here you can see that in this pullback of the price the price went inside the channel. This is a deeper pullback in compared to the previous one and when we check RSI we can see that RSI line went below the center line. When the RSI line closes back above the center line and also above the moving average line for more confirmation which is the case here this can tell us that the pullback ended and there is a high potential for the price to advance more. In this case you can see that this scandal also closed above the price action channel and you can see that the indicator also showed this arrow which in times that there is a deeper pullback and then when the price turns to the direction of the trend it shows these arrows. You shouldn't trade only based on these arrows because they are not always correct and you need more confirmation. So here the buy signal is confirmed and in practice we could enter a long position at this point with the stop loss below the channel and profit target at 1.5 risk to reward ratio. You can see that after the signal the price became extremely contracted and then here an explosive breakout as you can see. Please pay attention to our first condition which was having the price above all of the moving averages. We want a wave of the price action above them before the pullback. There should be some distance not like here where the price was on the channel and there is no distance here. So these are not considered pullback. This is not the pullback that we are looking for. The pullback only means when before that like this case here the price is above the channel clearly. So we don't pay attention to these signals that we have like this. Here you can see that again the price went above the channel so we wait for a possible pullback. You can see that the price went inside the price action channel. Here also RSI went below the centerline but you can see that the price kept declining and going down and went below the green line here and at this point where the RSI line is closed above the centerline. Here you can see that the price, the price action channel, the green line all of them are just on each other. This shows flat market. We don't enter a trade in this situation where there is overlap between the moving averages. After this you can see that the indicator gave a signal like this here and RSI line is also closed above the centerline and above its moving average line. Is this accepted? Of course not. The market was just flat before that. Remember the first condition. The price should be above the price action channel. The channel should be above the green line. The green line should be above the blue line. We don't have these conditions here. In times that the moving averages get close to each other and overlap like this, this is non-trending market. We don't take any action here. We only take a trade when there is a clear trend in the market. I explained how you identify a trend when the price is in an uptrend and now let me teach you a short position setup. When the price is below the price action channel, the channel is below the green EMA and the green EMA is below the blue EMA. This shows that the price is in a downtrend and we have greater downside momentum in shorter term perspective. Now we want to find a good trading opportunity to enter a trade and that is when a pullback happens in the market. We want a pullback of the price at least to the price action channel and if it goes higher it is okay as long as the conditions of our first step are not broken. In this case you can see that RSI line also went above the centerline. At this point you can see that RSI line is closed back below the center line and also it is closed below its moving average line and here you can see that this candle is also closed below the price action channel so the sell signal here is confirmed and in practice we could enter a short position at this point with the stop plus above the channel or above the pullback and profit target at 1.5 risk to reward ratio. Another pullback we had here you can see that the price went inside the price action channel here RSI went above the centerline and then RSI line closed back below the centerline at this point after that it was closed below the moving average line here and at the same time you can see that we got a candle that is closed below the channel so the sell signal here is confirmed and we could enter a short position at this point with the stop plus above the channel and profit target at 1.5 risk to reward ratio. Please pay attention that this is a scalping trading strategy we are on 5 minutes time frame so we can encounter more false signals compared to trading on higher time frames although this trading strategy is very accurate but without risk management you don't have any chance to execute this trading strategy profitably losing possessions are always part of the game and if they are not managed properly you will lose your trading account sooner or later 1% risk management is the best risk management strategy that you can use in your trading system I have a complete guide on this the link is also placed in the description and I highly recommend you to watch it because without a proper risk management strategy you cannot become a consistently profitable trader all right that's it thank you for watching this video if you have any questions feel free to ask and leave a comment for me I'll answer your questions as soon as possible if you haven't subscribed to my channel please subscribe and hit the bell so you get the notifications of my new video see you guys in next video and good luck with your trading