That's right guys, Claude released Opus 4.6 and I've tested it for trading strategies. And it's an absolute game changer guys because I was able to create the backtesting engine with this AI, which has the same exact backtesting results as TradingView has. And that matters because when the AI figures out the trading strategy for you, then it can finally run a backtest to figure out that some of the ideas that it has are not so good and give you the best one. And when you then use that in TradingView, you will get the exact same numbers. Gone are the times when the AI proposes you a new trading strategy, you copy the code into TradingView just to be disappointed. It is definitely a game changer because now the AI can run simulations that actually matter and it can make decisions based on these numbers while you're drinking your coffee. I hope you realize how big this is guys and I'm excited to show you to you right now. Let's get started. And guys, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you because otherwise the YouTube algorithm will never know and also you're supporting this channel. Also remember, this is not financial advice, crypto is risky, you can lose all of your money guys and that is why I run this educational channel so that you are always ahead of the herd. Subscribe and let's go. First of all, let me show you how all of this works before I show you how to set this up and what I'm using here. But roughly speaking, I'm using Claude application on the desktop. I'm using Claude code on the desktop. It's very simple because it's just a chat for you guys and I'm giving it a folder to work in and also I'm choosing Opus 4.6, obvious. I will show you later. But the magic happens when this AI is able to run its own back test and its own variations of strategies. So here I said, can you create a new strategy based on MacD, RSI and EMAs on Bitcoin, use the one day chart and give me the best variant you found after doing your back tests. It's a very simple prompt really. And I'm expecting this thing now to create ideas and then run back tests and then change its plan if the back tests are bad. For example, let's say that the strategy is not profitable. So the AI giving you a non profitable strategy is pretty much impossible using this back testing engine because it will know and then it will do something else. So it makes a plan and it says that it wants to try ABCD. And then it goes ahead and does all of that. Look, this is a lot of stuff. It takes also like 10 minutes or so. It doesn't really matter. It's doing its thing. What matters though is that after a while it tells me that after testing for variants, this variant is the best one and these are the KPIs and here is the PineScript code in that folder that I gave it to work in. This is the folder by the way and this is the back testing engine here which we're gonna look at later on. And this is the file that it created. And when I open it up, I can see the PineScript code. Really, I don't need to read it. Just copy the whole thing. Go to trading view and make a new strategy like this. Create new strategy, then delete whatever is in there, paste the thing here, click save, click save again and then click add to chart. Okay, there you go. And as you can see here, the PNL is 1,833% and that's pretty much exactly what the AI also came up with. The max drawdown is 53.85% and that's exactly what the AI also came up with. We have 38 trades and here also we have 38 trades. Do you see the power of this guys, right? So the AI was doing all the heavy lifting and it gave me the best version that it was able to come up with in that moment. If I don't like something, now I can go to trading view, right? And I can say, look, I'm gonna zoom in, I'm gonna see where it has issues, where it's making stupid decisions. Also I'm gonna go to the list of trades and I'm gonna find the one where here I have adverse execution, right? So I have too much drawdown really. I'm gonna click here to go to the trade and check it out and then I'm gonna give the AI, I'm gonna simply give it new ideas on how to try new things and run the backtest again and then give me a better result. But now I don't have to copy the code back and forth because the AI will try all these things. I just have to give it a hint, okay? An idea of what to try next. And if I don't have an idea, you can tell it to be creative as well, right? But what matters is now it doesn't fly blind because before this, it was doing like that. Oh, I think this is a good strategy but it didn't know, right? But now it has glasses. It has a freaking backtesting engine and it can test all of these ideas and give you the best one. Very nice. In case you're wondering, you will need the pro plan from Claude in order to run what I'm showing you in this video. And please don't make the mistake to use your open-claw installation for creating trading strategies the way I show you in this video because it's mega expensive. It's using the API key from Claude, Anthropic and that always costs money for every single request, okay? And it doesn't include anything for free, okay? Individual plans though, if you get the pro plan, for example, includes more usage than the API has for the same amount of money, okay? So basically it's cheaper because Claude is subsidizing this. It's a classic mistake that people make. How can you use this yourself right now? You need a couple of things. First and foremost, you need the Claude application for your desktop. So go to claude.com slash download and get your version, Mac OS, Windows, both are available. The reason we're using the application is because I want you to use Claude code, not Claude chat, not co-work, okay? But Claude code. This makes using Claude code very easy and very user-friendly in a graphical way because otherwise Claude code was a terminal solution and you need to use the terminal commands and it's quite nerdy and I want to protect you from that kind of stuff. So once you have this, right? What you need to do next is you need to create a folder and you need to tell it in which folder it's allowed to code. Create a folder somewhere on your computer and put in the backtestingengine.zip file. You will see how to get access to this later and just unzip it, okay? And then you have the entire project there. So this is the engine, right? This is where the strategies will be. This is an example strategy that it comes with and this is where you can put the data and I've pre-populated this with the Bitcoin data, Ethereum data, Solana and BNB data. This is downloaded data from trading view so that you have it so you can run backtests. But the AI or this backtesting engine is quite smart because if it doesn't have the data, it will go into the internet and fetch it from there. But it's always more accurate if you get it from trading view. And I will show you how to do that later on but just know that the data is in that folder. Now what you need to do, you don't need to mess with this folder, right? You just need to have it and you need to unzip the entire project in there. So now go back to cloud code, yes, and select the folder by clicking here and then make sure to go to that folder and select the entire folder. Basically, this is the entire folder. I called it YouTube, yes. You can call it something else and then this is where it will find all the files. So just take the, in my case, YouTube folder, okay? And that's what you need to do and then you need to make sure it's on Opus 4.6, okay? And now you're ready to create trading strategies, okay? So you can tell it something like this, create a new strategy from the scratch for Bitcoin USD one day to buy low and sell high to take advantage of the cycles and also try different versions, run back test and give me the best version you can find. That's all you need to do, okay? And then click the button, trust the workspace and you will see that now it goes to work and also it will ask you some questions sometimes, meaning that sometimes it needs to run commands and you need to give it permission to do that. So yes, you can drink your coffee but sometimes you need to check it just to give it permission to do what it wants to do. Oh, as you can see here, it wants to do something. I will give it the permission to do that and now it can continue its work. Now it wants to write a file and by the way, let me show you here. So in strategies, I think this will be in strategies, we'll see it will write this file here. There you go, it created three files and those are the three versions. I'm guessing it creates a fourth one as well and those are the files it needs to run the back test, right? So those are the trading strategies in Python code so that it can actually execute it, right? And it will go ahead, run the numbers and if it finds out that the strategy is not profitable, it will just skip it and try a different version, okay? That's the magic of this, right? So let me see if it needs something from me, not really. Okay, so the aggressive variant had no trades, okay. So you see, otherwise you would have gotten this as a strategy and you will be very frustrated, right? So it tries other things. It will go ahead and edit the files and it will figure it out and of course this can take quite some time. And so in the meantime, I will simply drink my coffee and I will see you when this is finished. Oh, excellent results, V4 Gaussian strategy. I don't know where it came up with Gaussian strategy because I didn't tell it that, but fine. So it came up with that out of nowhere because I told it that it can actually come up with whatever, yeah, I didn't even tell him which direction to go. I just said, make it happen, right? And maybe it has it somewhere because I was working with this AI on Gaussian channel a lot so it might be that it knows my past here, but okay. So Gaussian is good, I told you already. And by the way, if you wanna use Gaussian channel strategy right now, then go to signum.money and the Gaussian channel strategy is already there, already finished. Get access, put your trading view username, click the button. You get access, you can use it on trading view. There is a video about it, cool stuff. Now let's go back to the AI. Does it need something for me? Not really, did it create more files? Well, fifth version, right? Because one of them was useless, so it created another one. And pretty sure it will delete the ones that are not the best one. It will keep only the best one. That's what usually happens, right? You can change that of course just by telling it to keep all of them. But usually it goes ahead and just deletes the one that it doesn't like. And for the one that has the best results, it will simply give you the PineScript code as well. There you go, it's actually finished. So it says the winning variant is Gaussian Cycle Rider and it's in this file. And here it has these KPIs. So let me see if it actually came up with the PineScript version. Oh, I didn't actually do the PineScript version, but fine, let me show you how to fix that. Give me the PineScript version of the winning strategy, okay? Very simple because it's an AI, right? You can just talk to it if it forgets to do something. No problem at all. What matters is of course that it does the proper practice. So now I will just come back when this is finished and I wanna show you the numbers in TradingView. All right, we have a PineScript file over here. I'm not gonna open it yet. I'm gonna wait for it to tell me that it's finished. There you go. I think it's, yeah, it's definitely finished. So what I care about is that these numbers here match with the ones in TradingView. So let's check it out. I will open this up. I will copy the code and I will go to TradingView and I'll click here on this Pine icon and I will not even create a new strategy. I will just reuse this one, paste it inside and oh my God, let me see the numbers. Okay, we have 3062% profit and let's see what the AI said. 3062% profit, let's go. And then we have 21 trades, 21 trades and we have a drawdown of 30.44 and here we have 30.45. I think guys, this is it guys. So it came up with a completely new trading strategy. It figured out the best version. It avoided stupid stuff like losing ones or ones with high drawdown because it can backtest guys, okay? I'm super excited. I hope you see the value of this. And by the way, if you want access then well I will show you in a minute how to get access but first of all, if you want to download chart data I showed you already on my channel how to do that that first of all deactivate everything on the chart every single indicator that you have deactivate because otherwise you will be part of the download and then open up the chart that you wanna download for example, Bitcoin or whatever. Let me download the ADA for example, I go to ADA and then make sure to scroll to the left because then it forces TradingView to load more data and it can only download what you have visible, right? In your viewport, in your browser, right? So if I have it loaded then it can download it. So here I can go and I can click on download chart data and I get it downloaded to my computer. And then I wanna make sure to put it into the data folder, right? In that folder where the AI was messing around and I will simply copy it in there. So as you can see here now I have the ADA data there and why this is also important, let me give you an idea is because you can tell the AI to run back tests on multiple coins with the same strategy to avoid overfitting, okay? What I'm showing you now is just quickly on one asset but you should never do that just on one asset, okay? You can easily tell the AI, hey, run the back test with the exact same strategy and parameters on all of these CSV files or all of these charts so that we can find out if it has potentially overfitting problems. And the AI will tell you that which is very, very, very powerful guys, right? So this is what I have for you guys. If this makes any sense to you then like this video, comment down below, oh my God, this is crazy stuff. I'm gonna now sit in front of my machine and create strategies all day long because that's my best, my fastest best chance to create new strategies because I'm much, much slower than the AI is, right? Cause now I can back test them exactly the same and once I have something awesome I will make a video about it, you guys will know, okay? But you can also create it for yourself and for that I put this back testing engine onto my basically platform where you can get it and I'm sorry guys that this is not for free because it's way too powerful to give this for free, okay? Not to worry, I've made it pretty cheap for what it can do and it's available behind me. The link will be down below and it will be a one-time purchase for 99 bucks where you can get the entire zip file with all the code that is necessary to run the back tests as I ran them in this video. You simply put it into the folder, you unzip it, you give cloud code access to the folder and boom, you have all the power in your hands. And remember, once you have a trading strategy that you like, you can automate the buying and selling signals as you are used to with Signum by creating an alert and following the instructions from Signum to put in the right message over here and also turn on the web hooks so that it all works but for that I already have a lot of videos. I will put one on the top so you can look at it and you can learn how to automate and then you can automate any strategy that you like, okay? So guys, in this video, I've changed the game for retail investors again because now you can use this back testing engine to create strategies that are actually worthwhile to test and look at because the AI can back test so it can give you better results so it's less a waste of time. And once you have a trading strategy that you like and you want to automate on your exchange, you need to learn how to do that so this is the next video you should watch. The green is trading view, uh-huh. Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah. The strategies, we know what to do, yeah. Do, yeah, yeah. The stock loss is set, watch the price rise and fall.