If someone was surprised by why the price of the spear is at the same level, it is there after the explosion, or why you take 100% with one spike and one is back. In 90% of the points, the answer is the same. Orders and liquidity. In this video, I will show you how to see them in real time through hipmaps. Use the key attack. Until the end of the video, you will know what the hipmap is, how to distinguish the real orders from the false ones, what are the spoofing orders, what is Iceberg actually and how to use this information in order to avoid the spoofing and to get better at the entrance. And before we start, if you are not yet, like and subscribe to help you reach more traders like you. What is the hipmap? The hipmap is a visual instrument that shows where the orders are found in the folder book. That is, what prices are expected, if the amount of money is bought or sold. Imagine it as a thermal market card. The more bright the color is given on the level, the more orders there are. These zones are important because they often work as a temporary resistance support. The prices are attracted to the magnet, showing where the large participants are ready to interact with the market. The hipmap does not show you where the market will go. It shows you where there is significant interest. The real power comes when you combine it with the structure, liquidity and volume. Then you start seeing the momentum for the movement. All this should be combined. There are two basic types of orders. We talked about it before, but I will tell you anyway. Market orders are aggressive purchases and sales that move the price. If you press Buy Market, you buy in one of the closest prices. Limit orders are orders that stand and wait. Someone says, I bought this price or sold this price and wait for the market to come to it. The price to reach it and to fill the order. The hipmap shows exactly these limit orders. And when there is a huge limit of order in one place, it can make the price, to play the movement, to create a bounce, or to be the file or the output, and then the price to pass aggressively. This means that if there is a 100 Bitcoin limit order short, it should enter more aggressive buyers on this level to fill all these 100 orders and to continue the price up. If in the situation, limit orders manage to absorb all aggressive buyers with their short limit positions, the price would go back and hold this level. But if the aggressive buyers are significantly more than these limit orders, this means that they will start filling them little by little and then they will continue up. And so, welcome to Qtaka AI. I will leave the link below in the description where you can make your registration. It is completely free, exactly because of this we also chose this software. Soon we will pass through the starting page where you can click Get Started and start building your own layout. Get started and open a new layout in which I recommend you to make a registration. Do you have any options with Gmail account or with Twitter? I will also choose email to make an idea easier. Welcome to Qtaka. And let's start. Here you have a burst guide which will pass easily. And now you can choose what color you want to see your candles and heatmaps. Let's choose the first one and go through Workspace and YouTube Education. As I said, TPO, Footprint, I use ExoCharts, but there are many people who use Qtaka software. I will move all kinds of indicators and I will start to put them together. The first thing on the interface is that in every software you can use this drawing. You have all kinds of tools almost all of them in Tradingville like Trendline, you can change colors to make them look better. And many other options are available in Tradingville and in Security Software. In Long and Short positions, you can go and change colors to make them look better. You can make them white and red. But this is not important. Order Book Heatmap is an indicator that is installed on our layout. What I recommend to you and what I personally do with my Qtaka account is to use an aggregated heatmap from a number of battles. There are already two moments in which each of you needs to have a plan which battles want to see and which battles want to follow the heatmap path. But for now, I will update these four battles and you will see that the heatmap will be updated. After that, there are two moments in which you want to see from how many orders you can see. Bitcoin from how many orders to change colors on your heatmap. And, of course, keep your level around 400 Bitcoin this level that interests me and not less than 150. Because if you are a child you will be absolutely all these market makers orders that sit around the price and just play with sales. This is their job as far as you know. Here we can see when we separate our C7000 and 200 we had 670 and 3 bitcoins that were there at a certain time this is a minute time frame but if we come to the unit you will see how much time they appear and disappear these orders. Here they were here all of these are connected here after here here and so on. And here I will make a short pause because what you will see will open your eyes and you will begin to understand why the market reacts exactly where it reacts. In our trade-by design course we enter a new level. If you really want to learn and you are serious you want to meet serious people and people who every day work together to succeed you can download some of the links or scan the QR code that you see below. You will see our full course all for me and for my team. You can also enter into Discord and you will see what you will find students for us. What is buy and sell wall? Buy and sell wall are large limits orders in the Forder Book which are seen very clearly on the hit map as bright horizontal zones. Buy wall means that on a given price level there is a large number of limit orders that they want to buy. Sell wall is the opposite. It means that there is a large number of limit orders for sales namely short positions. You can imagine them as a wall from liquidity. They are important because they are often directly influenced by the price. When the price is approaching buy and sell wall the sellers start to meet with the opposite if the price is real. The price can be over or to make a reaction as in the situation and continue in the opposite direction. When the price is approaching to sell wall the buyers meet the pressure or we get the pressure down if they manage to keep this level. Imagine as a support and resistance. Quite often the key levels are exactly large limits of orders interest buyers or sellers to keep a certain level. This is what these support and resistance get. Support and resistance are not just a level that is what is shown on the chart and we decide that this is what we will do. Exactly this is a large zone in which a lot of limit orders are filled. The limit orders in the case are created or fortified already created by support and at the same time from the upper side. We have a scenario of buy and sell wall. The first scenario in which we make buy wall down we go into this level we get a strong reaction and after that we do not return. This means that there were not enough sellers to break through this zone or there were a lot of buyers with passive orders namely limit orders who managed to keep this level and absorbed all these sellers here in this zone. Moreover, we return when we have sell wall. This sell wall you can see has managed to absorb absolutely all aggressive buyers. All these aggressive buyers are far from themselves but they have not managed to break through this level. After that we see this reaction which is understood by most of us sellers but it is understood not only based on this hit map. Now that we have two scenarios in which the buy wall keeps the price and the price moves in the opposite direction namely at the top and the sell wall in the situation in which sellers manage to divide the aggressive buyers and the price moves in the opposite direction. Here we will give an example for which we will talk a little in a situation in which we go one time to this village they try to keep this level we receive a reaction but this reaction is not like this reaction because the trend is not ready to be removed. The buyers are ready to buy and the price of this bitcoin is going to the specific situation and the price is going to be reduced. The good price is going to continue to keep the aggressive market buy. What happens here? The first reaction is the next time we run to get closer to this zone the market makers hold the liquidity and we receive this candle which actually as far as I remember here it goes up for the simple reason that it is not for the sellers who allow the buyers to buy the price up. I told them to drop it in order to buy someone has to sell it if someone sells it you have to buy it and that's exactly what they get this is the end of such a movement. But that's what we're going to talk about in the previous stage of the order fall so these are the basic things that you are interested in at the moment look at the liquidity zones and estimate whether they will be able to keep it or will it be a good fit? The market is more aggressive and aggressive and so on. What is spoofing technique? Spoofing technique with which a large player sets a huge limit of orders in the order book without really having the intention to fill it out. The whole thing is psychological. Without orders it is used to create a false feeling for a fortified and continuous trend. The retail traders are in a hurry and here we can see a typical example in which the price is moving at a minute and a half and we get about 900 Bitcoins under this price at the moment in which we leave to return to it they just disappear and so on until I know it is used to reverse the market and the agorithmic traders so it is quite often we have to look at the zones that appear or disappear because this is the zone from here to here down but under the question I do not take a new solution based on this. Here I will give you another example you can see the price is moving up first it was here then here and at the end when you see that the price will just run out of liquidity the price goes down and throughout this time retail traders will buy the price up and they are ready to fill these 600 Bitcoins which would not allow the price to fall so fast when I look at it and I like it, it would be quite insignificant so for me personally this whole thing is out of the liquid then this is tried again if you go here, here, here you can see this is just their game 1,300 Bitcoins only show them the price continues down if the price just goes down and they start selling this can no longer be shown to you in Kyoto with certainty Iceberg Order is exactly the opposite of Spulfing Order this is a really big advice but hidden instead of showing the whole size of the Order because it is a big part it separates the orders into small parts instead it shows Buy Order for 1,000 Bitcoins it shows 5 Bitcoins which are constantly charged from the outside looks like they have little liquidity but actually there is a huge interest for this I personally recognize it last way and let me say that we are getting closer to some fight in such a zone and we begin to eat a little bit from it I just stop with the mouse here on the hit map when I see that it cannot be tested but the aggressive merchants give everything to themselves and what I see is that actually here at the moment we cannot see because we are not live but in the situation that 457 Bitcoins we start to eat I see in Duke Software in ExoCharts that aggressive merchants come in but until they come out this liquidity the liquidity is growing that is instead of becoming 444 420 410 380 it actually becomes 457 467 477 and this means that on this level they continue to be limited orders passive shorts that want to enter at all costs and they have a super big album that would allow to keep this level this was the basis how to read orders in HitMap with Kiltac and if you want to see I can make how to combine HitMap with CVD how to use HitMap for income or top 5 mistakes that people do with HitMap if it was useful like and subscribe so you don't miss anything in this video and if you want to learn model step by step and to apply it with us in real time link to trade by design course and the link is below in the description bye and see you soon