That's right, guys, golden metals are going to the moon, while crypto is doing absolutely nothing. And that's why I'm giving you a trading strategy for golden metals, so you can benefit from it. This is the strategy I'm talking about. Look how nicely it captured the uptrends in gold and is now still invested with an open profit of 89 percent. It will also help you answer the question if you should still invest into the metals market, get out. How high can it still go? And as well, how to play it in the future. And I'm also going to give you a warning about the trap that this market is setting up for you right now. And most people will fall for it and lose a lot of money. So make sure to watch this video carefully. And there is an even better strategy, which is part of my course. You don't need this, but I want to show you because I'm proud of it, which started in October 2023 here and is still invested with an open profit of 164 percent on gold. So anyone that has joined the course early and used the strategy is now very happy. And guys, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you, because otherwise, the YouTube algorithm will never know. And also you're supporting this channel. Also remember, this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money, guys. And that is why I run this educational channel so that you are always ahead of the herd. Subscribe and let's go. Some of you might recognize this trading strategy because we've been using this exact same strategy on the crypto market, but in a different way, which is why I'm making this video, to open your eyes on how else you can use it and also how effective it is actually on the gold and metals market. So as you can see here, this is the Gaussian channel strategy. You already know this strategy. OK, I will put a link down below. But basically you can give yourself access to this by going to signum.money, clicking on get access, putting your trading view username here, give access. Everything is explained here. There is even a video for this. OK, watch this video later. But the idea here is that this is a trend following strategy. OK, and because gold is trending right now, especially to the upside, right, then you can use the strategy there as well. OK, nobody stops you from putting this on your chart on the gold asset. OK, and that is exactly what I've done here. And that's why you can see it has captured this trend very, very nicely. Does it work on other metals? Well, let's check out silver. As you can see, the trend detector of the strategy detected the beginning uptrend in February 2025. And it's now in a juicy profit. And keep in mind, this is not a new strategy. This is a crypto strategy detecting trends over there. And it's exactly the same strategy now applied on metals. And it works quite well. That means it's not overfitted and it has a high chance of success. And now that you know how to get access, you can put this on your own chart and you can see how it works for you on other metals, but also on stocks and leave your comments down below. When you put it on your chart, what you will see is this, right? You will see all these trading signals that are on the chart because this is for crypto assets, right? It will go in and out much faster and more often to protect from downside volatility. Crypto moves much faster, right? But because you're using this on a slower moving market like stocks or also metals, that's why you cannot use these trading signals here. Instead, you're going to rely on it as an indicator, really, okay? As something that gives you a trend direction and you want to be part of that. If you want me to launch this trading strategy with trading signals for metals and stocks, because right now it's an indicator, really, because I want to prove to you the point that this works as a trend detector. But if you want buying and selling signals, then like this video, comment down below, come to Telegram, link is down below. We have a great community there. And I just want to know if there is enough demand because I'm a crypto guy, right? Is there enough demand for this to become a stock trading and metals trading strategy? If so, I will make it happen. So let me know down below and like this video. The strategy from the course is actually a trading strategy with buying and selling signals. As you can see here, this was the buy signal on 31st of October, 2023. And as well, you can see many other buy signals here on the chart. So you can fully automate this trading strategy on your exchange. In this case, it's gold. You can use PAXG on your crypto exchange to trade tokenized gold. More and more crypto exchanges are adding support for tokenized assets. And we are going to add support for that as well into Signum. We're going to start with Hyperliquid, Hip3 support, meaning you can trade tokenized stocks and metals directly on your crypto exchange. And then these kinds of strategies will be very beneficial. Keep in mind, and this is something that many people still have to learn, in order to benefit from this, right? You need to also survive and sustain mentally this, right? Which is a very boring time in the market where you're not really doing much, even sometimes losing or making losing trades right here was one losing trade. This was winning one, winning one. But still, it can be losing trades. And this can be a very long time. So in this case, it was 1,070 days, roughly speaking. And so you need to survive the boring time, okay? So you can benefit from the exciting time. And this is what most people are ignoring or they don't want to look at or know about. But that is what it is, okay? So having said all of that, now, what you need to understand is if this is still a good time to buy or not. Because this strategy has made profit for itself, okay? If you're using it or not, the strategy was doing a good job here. But if you're thinking about getting into this market, well, think again, right? Let me turn off the logarithmic chart so that these trend lines make more sense. And so this upper trend line represents, for me, a potential top of the gold asset here, of gold, right? And the reason is because I basically put this trend line through the bottom, through this bottom, basically, then to the top and then to this top, right? So it touches three points, three important points. And then when you go all the way back, to today, you can see that this trend line will end up in about or at about $5,500, $5,600, right? So if this is correct and or if this is a strong resistance with a correction after that, then what we're going to see or can see is a rejection from there, right? And it can go down to this level over here around at $4,300. And what you don't want to do is you don't want to buy here, right? At the end of the journey, because you don't have much left to gain from this, right? That's why it's always bad to be late to a trading signal, okay? That's why you need to put this on your own chart and need to set an alert, okay? And you need to benefit from this because otherwise you will come late. Now, if you were buying around here or even here, right, you'd be fine, right? It's fine. But if not, then getting in now is very risky, okay? So you see what I've done there? I've used the strategy itself, but then I've also used trend line to connect important dots to see where it could end up. Of course, nobody knows exactly where it will be. Nobody knows the future. But I'm telling you, getting in now is very risky. This looks like a blow-off top situation, okay? And a blow-off top situation, we already had this, right, in the past. And you can have this type of situation here going up parabolically. Everyone is super excited, right? And even this trend line already helped, right? Through this boom and rejection, and it went down 36%, okay? For gold, this is a lot, yes? I know you're crypto people, 36 is nothing or not nothing, but it's not the end of the world. For gold, it is pretty bad, okay? So what I'm telling you is, yes, strategy, use it, please, okay? So next time, you can benefit. But getting in now is late. Now, should you sell, okay? That's the other thing, right? If you already invested, you have taken advantage of some strategy, maybe even this one, because you were smart, then should you get out now? Well, we are almost at the end. So, you know, taking some profits when we touch this line is a good idea, I would say. Not financial advice, but I think it's a good idea. And then also following the signal of the strategy itself, when it flips red, right? When it flips bearish, then you should definitely get out and not look back. Because if you don't follow that, you might actually get, again, a situation like this, where, oops, let me go back to where I want it to be, where you basically ignore a red situation, a red zone, and you think that it's a good idea to still hold on to it, and then you hold on to it until it's too late, okay? So, those are things that you have to keep in mind. And so, this is a strategy that I've created to help the world, really. And it helps people with crypto for a long time already. You can come here, you can give yourself access to this strategy and use it on crypto, yes, but also on metals, okay? So, there is no need for a new strategy. This already helps a massive amount, okay? So, make sure to take advantage of this. And if you want access to the even better strategy that is part of my masterclass, then go to autotrading.vip. This is my baby. It has all of my strategies, all of my tactics, how to build a portfolio, mathematically correct risk-reward calculations. Everything is there. Make sure to watch this video, by the way, because it explains everything I'm doing. It's a crypto-related class. But as well, people in the masterclass figured out very quickly that what I teach there also applies to trending assets in the stock market and also gold and other metals, right? So, you can take advantage of these parabolic runs very early on if you know how. And I teach you that in the masterclass for the crypto market. But again, you can apply also on other markets. Here you can click on these strategies to see their performance in the past so you can see all the trades. But please read this page or this website so that you understand what I'm doing before you apply, because this is a limited masterclass that basically is limited to 1,000 members. Where is it? Here it is. And the reason for that is that I just want to make sure that only the right people join with the right mindset, that understand that building wealth takes time. This is not a get rich quick situation. You need to learn a system. You need to follow a system and need to automate the system so that you have higher chances of success, right? So, if you care about having a system that works for already over eight years now, then make sure to click on Apply for Access and we're going to talk to each other. And if it's a match, then you can join. And the trap I want to warn you about and I want to keep this short because I think it's pretty obvious if you see it the way I show you now. So, as you can see here, this is the Bitcoin chart, the candles, right? It's pretty boring chart going down sideways. But this orange line is gold. This silver line is silver and the red one is S&P 500. And as you can see here, they're all going up while Bitcoin is going down or sideways. And what will happen next is pretty obvious. We're going to hit a top of these metals and then there will be an asset rotation happening. People taking profits, moving funds into riskier assets, okay? Yes, some stocks will benefit from this. S&P might go higher, actually. But crypto will benefit from this as well because the profits will have to rotate. It's always the case. This is nothing new. So, that is the trap. People pile into what is pumping, they buy the top and then they miss out on buying what is undervalued and then they come and buy the top of Bitcoin later and so on. It's always the same. That's why you need a strategy to protect yourself from this kind of stuff. This channel is about automation. So, if you want to automate your crypto portfolio to be ready before the next pump, not afterwards, then this is the next video you should watch. Thank you so much for watching. See you next time.