This indicator is used by professionals, I will teach you how you can effectively use this indicator so make sure you watch this video until the end and let's get started. Before I add the indicator, if you like my contents, please support the channel by liking the video and subscribing to my channel if you haven't subscribed yet. Alright, to add this indicator, here we click on indicators and we search dual range volume profile, this one which is written by someone named Uncle the Shooter. Alright, this is the indicator and as you can see it's added here on the right side of the chart. As the name of the indicator is telling us, this is a volume profile indicator but we have two histograms here and this new volume profile indicator. In other words, the indicator uses two different price ranges to calculate and show volume profile. This is main profile and this is pivot profile. For the main profile, for the data range that is visible on the price chart, in simple words for the candles that you can see on the price chart, the indicator uses this look back period to calculate and show this volume profile. So for this volume profile, the data from here up to now from this low to this high, the data is used in building this volume profile. From the lowest low to the highest high, this price range is divided into 100 equals bins or segments. So here for this price range, we have 100 bins or segments. And for each bin or segment that is representing that price range, the traded volume in that price range is calculated and shown by the help of these horizontal volume bars. The larger the bar, the more volume was traded in that price range. So for example, in this price range, we had more volume in compared to, for example, this price range. The indicator also uses different shades of color from yellow to orange to red to show the amount of the volume. Yellow is used for the lowest amount of volume and red is used for the highest amount of volume with different shades of darker yellow to orange and red in between for different amounts of volume. So besides the size of the horizontal bar, the colors of the bars can also help you visually to instantly evaluate in what price ranges we had greater amount of volume. So in this look back period and these price ranges, we had relatively greater amount of volume and these price ranges with the greatest amount of volume in this price range where we have the largest horizontal bar as you can see and the color is shown by gray color. The price range that has the highest amount of volume is called point of control and this indicator shows the bar with gray color. So in this look back period and this price range, we had the greatest amount of volume and this is the center of the balance for this volume profile for a reason market participants had more levels of activity in this price range. And in this case, when we check the price action, we can clearly see that we had reaction of the price around this price range. So this level of the price is significant level and it can play a key role for the future price action. So we can have reaction when the price retest this level or break this level. For example, here you can see that it acted like a resistance level. You can see that the price stopped here and then turned down and then here this resistance level was broken. And after that, we had retest of the broken resistance level. Now it is playing as a support level. So when the price reaches to around this line, we have high probability that the price will stop here and then it goes up or if it is broken, it will become a resistance level for any pullback or retest of the broken level. So for the price ranges that we have high amount of volume, it tells us that for a reason market participants were more active in those price ranges. And this is usually associated with significant levels of the market that we have reaction of the price in those price ranges. So when you know in what price ranges, there is high probability to have stopping of the price and then turning off the price. This can effectively help you with your trade entries, setting stop loss and profit target. All right, now let me explain this volume profile, which is called pivot profile. But before that, I'm proud to announce that I have published a book, the art of price action trading, which is a complete guide to price action analysis. The link is in the description and you can get it later if you want to master price action trading. All right, now let's see what is pivot profile, this smaller volume profile that we have here. The indicator considers the last pivot and makes a volume profile for that price range. In other words, it finds the last swing of the price and it makes a volume profile for that look back period. For example, here on this price chart, this was the last pivot point. So starting from here up to now from this low to this high, it created this volume profile in this price range, which is representing a shorter term movement of the price in the market. Similarly, here, this price range is divided into 100 equal bins or segments. And for each segment, the volume is calculated and shown by the help of a horizontal bar, the larger the bar, the higher the amount of the volume for that price range. And we have similarly coloring of the bars based on their amount of volume, as I explained for this volume profile. And here also the price range with the highest amount of volume is called point of control. And it is shown by different color. It is shown by the gray, as you can see the indicator also shows volume area for the two profiles. And it is marked by two dashed lines and gray background color. This is a price range where a defined percentage of total volume happened. If we go to the settings of the indicator here, you can see that for the value area, the percentage is set at 50. So on the price chart by default in the value areas, we have 50% of the total volume. So for example, for this pivot profile, 50% of the total volume, I mean half of the volume in this look back period happened in this price range. So in this price range, we had 50% or half of the total volume or here for the main profile for the whole this look back period 50% of the total volume happened in this price range. This helps you to know in what price ranges we had more amount of volume in terms of the percentage of the total volume. And this helps you better evaluate the significant levels of the market, because you know in what price ranges you had more volume relative to the total volume. All right, about the main volume profile, as I said, it is based on the visible amount of data on your price chart. So for example, if you zoom out and more candles become visible on the price chart, the volume profile will change because now it considers this amount of look back period to calculate and show this volume profile. And this happens automatically and you don't need to refresh your page. This indicator by providing two volume profiles, one in shorter term perspective and the other in longer term perspective, it helps you to effectively evaluate the significant levels of the market in two perspectives at the same time. This is one of the best volume profile indicator. And if you use volume profile in your trading strategy, this indicator is a good choice for you. All right, that's it. Thank you for watching this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and leave a comment for me. I'll answer your questions as soon as possible. If you haven't subscribed to my channel, please subscribe and hit the bell so you get the notifications of my new videos. See you guys in next video and good luck with your trading.