Today, we're going to be backtesting this popular smart money indicator on trading view. It was sent to me by my community. It's popular. It's trending. It looks amazing on a chart. But does it actually really make any money? Well, I can tell you one little secret actually changed everything. But for this to happen, we're going to have to start right now. Okay, guys, here we are on trading view. First of all, we're going to give credit where credit was due. We're going to go over to indicators here and we're going to click on trending. Today's indicator we're going to be backtesting is this smart money structure by Gaines Algo has 6800 downloads. So congratulations to him. Looks like a killer of an indicator looks very, very good. So we're going to go over and add this to our charts to do. So we're going to click on it and it will add automatically to our trading view chart looking very much like this. As I said earlier, it looks pretty cool. We have multiple parts to the charts. We have smart money structure as we have a change of structure and BOS here. We also have a table up the top here that gives us the strength of the market, gives us a volume, gives us multi-time frame alerts and another table down here, which will give us some predictions. Now, one of the things that I do like about this is that this actual strategy has some Biasel signals, which is going to make it a little bit easier for us to be able to backtest. As you can see, they're pretty much all over the place and some of them look pretty good. This one here, if you were to hit it, would have managed to get you about 8% and they generally seem to pop up quite well. Now, as always, just one indicator on the chart may not be very good, but we're going to backtest it as it is first of all and then we will convert it into a full system and hopefully we'll be able to get a better backtest on that. So the actual indicator here is creating these Biasel signals. I looked into the code so that we can understand why these signals actually popped up, making sure of things like they're not repainting or just creating fake random signals. But the logic behind them is actually quite interesting. So these labels are created by this algorithm here. First of all, we have a momentum indicator that checks price change and then make sure that that price change goes over a threshold. We then have an anti-spam filter, meaning that we will not be taking hundreds of shades all in the same trend, one after the other, and we will put a distance between each and every trade. Now, this may feel as though you're actually losing out on trades, but in my backtesting, I also have this on the boilerplate and it's actually really very powerful, giving your strategy a little bit more time to breathe before it jumps into the next trade. Allows all of the stars to line up once again, helps you to put probabilities better on your side, creating stronger and better entries. Next, we have a trend direction. We're using the EMA 20 and the VWAP for this actual strategy. We have a volume filter that allows us to make sure that we're not getting into trades where there's no volume at all. The volume has to be above and we're also looking for a short-term volume rising, meaning that in a short term over a small number of candles, we actually see the volume rising, which is very, very good as well. We then have an optional breakout filter. This here was very, very powerful as well. What this does was checks that we are going to break over a previous high and we only get our entry just there. Now, to me, this is not just a simple indicator. There's some real rules behind the actual strategy. By adding another indicator for stoplosses and take profits, we have what looks like the start of a real trading strategy. Okay, so these are the rules of the strategy. I'm going to go away and backtest it with two setups. The second setup I'll show you afterwards. First of all, it's going to be a raw bank test with just these settings that we've talked about here. Okay, without further ado, I'm going to go away and backtest this. Come on, David. And once again, he's going to call a new strategy. Show us what you got. Okay, guys, the backtesting results are in. We've got two setups here. The first one is with some of the confluence from the David Tech boilerplate, which I'll show you afterwards. And then we have just these simple backtesting results. I'm currently on the one-hour timeframe. Let's have a look at the backtesting results. Drum roll, please. Boom. Okay, as you can see, the backtesting doesn't look absolutely fantastic. But to me, as an algo trader, this is a really great base start. For one indicator to have created 693 opportunities and not completely wrecked the account. I know what it looks like, but it isn't completely wrecked. It's a really good start for us to build a strategy. So as you can see, we're down 25%. Our max drawdown is 31%. And we have 693 closed trades. I backtested all the way back to 2021. And I've also looked a little bit deeper into this strategy. So exciting results. And I have backtested personally absolutely tons of smart money trading strategies. And far and few of them actually make anything that looks like a strategy like this. Often fair value gaps and things like that really do not backtest them very well. So I'm going to go out of white. I'm going to add a couple of indicators for confluence and we're going to see if we can make this any better. Okay, guys, I've come up with a new set of rules for this strategy. We're going to be keeping the buy and the sell signals as they were. All I'm going to do is going to try and filter out some of these bad entries using some more confluence and some trend direction indicators. Okay, the first thing we're going to add is the range field. So we're going to go to indicators and add range filter. Is this one here by Donovan War? We're going to add that to the chart and we're going to leave it as exactly as the settings are. By adding the range filter, it allows us to filter out some of these bad trades. When price is above the range filter, it is green and not gray like this here. We're looking for longs and when it's pink and prices below it, we're looking for shorts. So as you can see, it filters out some of the trades like these ones here but keeps some of the better trades very much like these ones here. This is one of my favorite indicators for trend direction and has been very, very profitable for me. The next indicator that we're going to add is the ADX. Now the ADX plus MA by David Tech you can find on the David Tech website. By going over to davidtech.com, clicking on three indicators up the top here and you can get all of the David Tech indicators free and open source. The ADX is an absolute blind over an indicator. It's absolutely brilliant. What it does is it just keeps us out of markets where markets are going to sideways for this setup. But we're going to just remove the blue line. We're going to be setting the ADX to 20 just like this. Now all we want is for the ADX to be above the green line. As you can see here, that means we can take longs or shorts. It doesn't matter whether you're looking for a long or short. ADX will just take you out of sideways moving markets. And finally, the final indicator that we're going to add is the ATR bands. ATR bands allowing us to set our stop losses and take profits. We're going to click on that. That's going to add two bands to our actual chart. We're going to go over to the cog and we're going to set the inputs to three just like that. And this is how we set our stop loss and take profit. Instead of using a fixed percentage or pips, we're adapting to the market. Thanks to the ATR bands. One thing I'd say that when using the ATR bands is use a maximum percentage value inside your rules. So if the stop loss is too far away, you either cancel that trade or you use a percentage instead. This will keep you out of huge trades with huge stop losses that never ever either hit the stop loss or take profits. Okay, let's go back and cherry pick an entry. We've got this by signal here. So let's use this one as an example. We have green candles. We have a green by signal. We have the ATX above the threshold. We're going to set our first long entry on the candle, setting the stop loss directly to the ATR band and looking for a take profit of one to 1.5. And boom! We only just managed to actually get out of that trade. As you can see, it just hit the take profit. I actually thought it was going to hit the stop loss before not so bad. The stop loss is actually huge. So this is what I was talking about earlier. Personally, I'd have a stop loss of a maximum of 2.5%. And then it's up to whether you decide whether to take those trades or actually cancel these orders. For me personally, this is all coded into my strategy. So I don't have to actually worry about taking those decisions myself. A huge shout out to Evdiks. We partnered up with them so that you guys can use the Davidik strategies on a decentralized exchange. Evdiks combines the fast transaction processing and seamless user experience as a centralized exchange with decentralization, security and self-custody. We're really proud and happy to offer that anybody that signs up for a Evdiks account you also get access to some of the Davidik strategies. Thanks to them once again. Let's get over to the backtesting results. Okay, let's have a look at the backtesting results of this strategy. I'm looking forward to seeing what my community can do to make this even better. Drum roll, please. Boom, right. Okay, as you can see, this equity curve isn't the best equity curve I've ever come up with on Davidik, but it's looking pretty good as a start. Me and the community will grab this strategy and make it even better on Discord throughout our live streams. But let's have a look very quickly at the backtesting results. We have 579% total profit and max drawdown, which is a little high of 29%. We do still have 211 closed trades, a win rate of 52% and a profit factor of 1.3%. If we look at the benchmark, we did actually for the first time in a long time actually go underwater 16%. So it meant throughout all of this time here on the equity curve, if you would have started this strategy, you would have gone down 16% before actually seeing any profit. As to actually holding the asset, you would have been down 33%. The maximum amount you would have made with the buy and hold would have been 926% and with this strategy, 579%. Currently we're beating the benchmark, but there were periods where this strategy actually wasn't. If I keep going down, you can see the wins and losses. We had 110 closed winning trades and 101 losing trades. Everything else looks pretty normal. Maximum wins in a row where nine maximum losses in a row were six. So guys, that was one of many smart money indicators that I've actually backtested and we're starting to see positive results already. I can't wait to see what the community actually comes up with. We livestream every single day inside of Discord where we're optimizing and trying to find the best settings together. Now I'm no guru. I'm not telling you what to do. This is not financial advice in a slightest. I am personally actually learning as I go along. Although last year's results were particularly good. I did go through a lot of drawdown on in December, which I publicly spoke about inside of Discord and I'm not saying to go away and trade this trading strategy, but I will be putting it into a forward testing live trading simulation to see how it performs on live markets. And hopefully in the next couple of months that we'll find some really good setups that will help us to improve and diversify our trading portfolios. So without further ado, guys, I'm going to wish you an absolutely wonderful day. Don't forget, keep safe, trade like a boss and I'll see you in the next one. Have a great day, guys. Take care. Goodbye. We'll be back in just five minutes. RSI and MACD.