Follow my instruction step by step on TradingView Platform. Here, click on indicators and search MACD. This one and add two MACDs to your chart. And now you need to change their settings. I want to teach you a secret settings and combination of these two MACDs that together they help you find the most accurate by cell signals on the chart. Before I teach you the trick, if you like my contents, please support the channel by liking the video and subscribing to my channel if you haven't subscribed yet. Alright, first, we go to the settings of this MACD at the bottom and here in the inputs tab, for the fast length, we set it at 100. For the slow length, we set it at 200. And for the signal length, we set it at 50. And then we go to the style tab and we remove MACD line and signal line. Alright, we're done with the settings of this MACD. And now we go to the settings of the second MACD. And first here in the inputs tab, here for the fast length, we set it at eight. And for the slow length, we set it at 13. And for the signal length, it should be nine. Then we go to the style tab and we remove the histogram. For the MACD line, we change the color to white. And for the signal line, we change the color to orange. We also increase the thickness of the lines so they will be better visible on the price chart. Alright, so now we have one MACD with histogram and the other MACD with MACD line and signal line. And each of them has its own special settings that we made. Now we want to combine these two MACDs in one indicator. Here for the MACD at the bottom, here we click on more, then on move to. And here we click on existing pane above. And again, for the same MACD, we click on more here, pen to scale, and we click on pen to scale a. Alright, now the two MACDs are combined with each other. And now let me teach you how you can find buy sell signals based on this setup. But before that, I'm proud to announce that I have published a book, the art of price action trading, which is a complete guide to price action analysis. The link is in the description and you can get it later if you want to master price action trading. Alright, here we have a MACD line, signal line, and MACD histogram. And it seems like an ordinary MACD indicator, but it is not. Because this MACD histogram is not based on this MACD line and signal line crossovers. The settings for this MACD histogram is different from the settings for MACD line and signal line. The MACD histogram has longer length for the moving averages. And these MACD line and signal line are based on shorter length for the moving averages. The MACD line and signal line, I mean this white line and the orange line will help us with short term momentum changes in the market. And this MACD histogram will help us with identifying trends and trend changes that are happening in the market. We're going to use this MACD histogram to see when a new trend is forming on the chart. And then by the help of MACD line and signal line that are showing shorter momentum changes in the market, we're going to use them to find a low risk trading opportunity to enter a trade. Let me show how you can do it. As I said, we use this MACD histogram for trend identification. When it is below the center line and red, the market is trending down. And when it is above the center line and green, the market is trending up. So the points that MACD histogram changes position and color, it could be a signal for starting off a new trend. But we're not gonna trade only based on this signal because still too risky and we may encounter many false signals. So we need more confirmation to say with higher probability that a new trend is forming on the chart. Here you can see that the MACD histogram went below the center line and became red. So this is an early signal that probably a downtrend is forming. Now in the next step, we wait for a pullback. If the reversal is real and now in the market we have greater downside momentum than upside momentum, this advancing of the price shouldn't be able to pass the previous high. And before this it should stop and then further decline of the price to lower levels. The MACD line and signal line can help us with identifying the pullbacks and end of the pullbacks because they show shorter momentum changes in the market. When MACD histogram went below the center line and became red, here we wait for the white line to go above the orange line. This shows that probably a pullback is forming on the chart. In the next step, we wait for the white line to close back below the orange line. When this happened, it tells us that probably the pullback ended and the price is gonna decline more. So the reversal is confirmed here and in practice we could enter a short position at this point with the stop loss above the pullback and profit target at risk to reward ratio of 2. This was a short position setup and now let me teach you a long position setup. Here you can see that MACD histogram went above the center line and became green. This is an early signal that probably an uptrend is forming on the chart. But as I said, this is not where we enter a trade. We need more confirmation for the reversal and for this purpose we wait for a pullback because it can show if we have greater upside momentum in the market or greater downside momentum. If the reversal is real and now we have greater upside momentum in the market, this decline of the price will be short and then turning of the price and advancing of the price to higher levels. We use MACD line and signal line to identify pullbacks and end of the pullbacks. In this situation, we wait for the white line to go below the orange line. This shows that probably a pullback is forming on the chart. In the next step, we wait for the white line to close back above the orange line. When this happened and the white line is already closed above the orange line, the reversal is confirmed. So in practice we could enter a long position at this point with the stop loss below the pullback and profit target at risk to reward ratio of 2. Please pay attention that this trading strategy is a reversal trading strategy. We are trying to catch the reversal points of the market where a new trend is starting. And in the next step, we are trying to find a low risk trading opportunity in the pullbacks. And so because this is a reversal trading strategy, in compared to a trend following strategy, it has more degree of risk. So risk management plays an important role in this trading strategy. Without a proper risk management, your losing positions will be out of control and you will lose your trading account sooner or later. There is a risk management strategy that is called 1% role and it is one of the best risk management strategies that you can use. By the help of this risk management strategy, you can minimize the effect of your losing positions so you can consistently make profit. I have a complete guide on this. The link is also placed in the description and I highly recommend you to watch it now because without a proper risk management, you cannot become a consistently profitable trader. Alright, that's it. Thank you for watching this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and leave a comment for me. I'll answer your questions as soon as possible. If you haven't subscribed to my channel, please subscribe and hit the bell so you get the notifications of my new video. See you guys in next video and good luck with your trading.