Hello friends and welcome back to the list of how to start trading in 2026. Until then, we were going through quite important things, we talked about what trading is and what type of traders exist. We were looking at the most common mistakes that destroy the account of the start. After that, we were looking at the basics of technical analysis. We showed you something, a trade-by-design system and how we look at the market. In the last video, I showed you how to use TradingView and combine all these tools. Today, we are going to do the next logical step. I will show you a strategy that we use as a basis for trading with a trend, namely, Ani's fish. This is not a magic indicator, this is a framework that helps you to see the structure of the market. You need to grab some of the movement and the most important thing is to stop losing money when you are trading with a trend. If you start trading first, you will see a whole trading playlist for beginners. And if you haven't already, like and subscribe to not miss future videos. What is the problem with most of the beginners? Before I get into the strategy, I want to understand one thing. 90% of the beginners do the same thing. They constantly try to grab the top or bottom. When the price falls, they buy it, when the price rises, they sell it. Why? Why do they look like a spear or a spear? The problem is that the market does not care what you look like and what you look like is a spear or a spear. The trend is a king and if you learn how to trade in a trend, it automatically increases the success rate. This is why Ani and the fish come in here. What does this indicator represent? The fish is a system of TMAs that are designed as a lens on a graph. Instead of looking at one TMA, you look at a whole fish from TMA. This fish shows you something. The trend, the power of the movement. When the fish are very separated, for example, the zones in which you can expect a sharp test before and after the movement. Or zones that, if I try the trend, I will turn back. In short, when the fish is under the price and the price rises, it is colored in green and the market is bullish. When the fish is above the price and the price falls in red, the market is cheap. Super simple, but not just what you need. Now let's go to the charts to show you how to add an indicator and show you how to use it. If you stay until the end, you will understand how easy and convenient it is to run the strategy for yourself and to check if it works. Let's start. And so friends, we are back in Tradingville, where we will do everything we need to use the fish strategy. This is the template that I used the previous time in the last video. For the moment, I will give you a clear description of the chart, I will go to the settings and what I changed is the phone to not blind everyone together. Here you can see what are the numbers that I used and the two colors are the same until I see them. The next thing I will do is to change the candle to white and gray. At the beginning it may be a little strange, but later you will see why we will do it exactly. The white candle is your bullish candle, which was a little green, and the gray is your bearish candle, which was red. So let's continue ahead and go to the indicators. We write the fish for scalping 5 to 15 minutes, so this is the indicator that you need from Trade Travel Chill. If you draw a read more, you can also understand the information for the indicator itself, how it is used and what you can do with it, and I added it in my favorite. Let's go back, we add it and it will appear here until Market Session Times. As I said before, the icon when the price moves. Under the TMA it is under the whole fish, the fish are red and they jump down. When the price moves above the TMA and above all the fish, this means that the trend is bullish and we are looking for a long entry. We often use this indicator when there is such a strong movement and we do not get serious trades to find an entry, followed by some kind of a poker test and so on. This strategy is quite good for trend continuation, as I said, I continue my trend. And it is simply undefined that the trend should not make serious trades and it will have to be positioned in motion. We slow down a little bit the fish indicator and we will add 1 EMA, namely 255 EMA. It is understood that you can add indicators, just write EMA, Exponation Moving Average, draw 255 EMA and after that change the color. I will leave the blue for now so that we can distinguish it. We turn on the fish indicator and what I can advise you is exactly what we talked about at the beginning. In order to use it as much as possible to trade with the trend, you can make a simple rule. If 255 EMA moves below the TMA and the price is under 255 EMA, and as in the case, I will look to find my entry for a short position. That is, I will wait and you can make your curve, let's start from the bottom. And when you see that you are getting, take a fish test, find your entry and enter the position. And when you want to look for a long position, first find your short entry for a fish. When 255 EMA is at the bottom, that means you are taking the trend. Here the price has already started to move on the market, under the market and as you see 255 EMA does not have a specific amount. This means that we are in consolidation. Often these consolidations happen during the weekend. As you can see, this is already Saturday and it continues all this until Monday. If you use this rule, you can wait to move above 255 EMA, to retest it. Here, at this time, we will probably all sleep, those of us who live in Europe, because this is Asia, 4 am. But after that, in the UK and in the US, we will be able to find the entry and continuation of the trend based on the fish strategy. Okay, I hope you have understood it. Now we will add some more things that you can use for additional settings and you can also take as many wrong trades as possible. But let's start with the rules. The rules of the fish strategy are quite simple, but you shouldn't overdo it. Let's say that you were in this range, which we took from the bottom, we took from the top, from the bottom, from the top, and there are two more moments in which we take over 255 EMA, retest it and wait for the price to break. The price breaks and the first rule we are interested in is this candle. This candle in which we close with the body, you can go a little closer, you can see where the fish are. The next green fish, the candle closes with the body inside the fish. This is the first thing that you are interested in to confirm that you need to look for a retest in some of these zones. The first thing I did was to try with a big candle on the fish. The next thing we want is the price to go a little further and to slowly retest one of the two yellow EMAs. Precisely because of this, these EMAs are left yellow so that you can distinguish them and use them for the entrance. At the moment in which you get a bullish candle stick, namely this hammer, this bullish engulfing, you have to enter the trade if you understand the computer and all the requirements are covered. The third rule, which is extremely important in any strategy and in any moment in which you will open the trade, is the correct positioning of your stop loss. Your stop loss is where you want to close the whole position and to admit that you have not made the right decision to look for a good entry in the show. Your entry is here, your stop loss is under all the fish, not under the yellow, not under the yellow, not under the yellow, not under all the fish. It is not good to read with stop losses, especially in this strategy because it happens quite often to do this. You can see if you missed the fish, you can see what this candle did. Hypothetically, we say that you entered and you put your stop loss under the yellow line. We missed the fish, that's what happens. We do the second test of the second yellow EMA line and after that we leave, as you can see, for a very serious trade. But we return and put the stop loss correctly under all the EMAs. After that, we start to take this trade until we pass the second EMA line or in the case of this here. We can say that this here is already you who want to leave this trade, because the EMAs start to become red and you start to pass the EMAs. Here I have a group of people, we tried to pass the EMA in one go, there was a scandal and a continuation. Here, in one go, there was a scandal and a continuation. But the other thing that is important, when you get a bad move, the last EMAs are separated. When the EMAs are separated, this means that we get a lot of volume and the movement is an idea more extended than it should be in 99% of the cases, after when the EMAs are separated in such a way, we get either consolidation or retrace. So this is the moment when you have to buy yourself, I want to continue to keep this trade or I am ready to take 8% of the profit and continue the tap. If you are looking forward to these things, when we explained the Fibonacci and retracement, when you have the following situation, you confirm that the fish gave you the signal that you have to get out of this retest. Listen to where the retrace price would be. You take the fish for a short time and from the beginning of the movement, you grab your Fibonacci, which you can find here on the left, you grab the Fibonacci and retrace it, you turn it until it reaches the movement and after that you wait for your retest. Wait for your retest, you know that around this level, around 50% and 65%, you can wait for the price to hold. Let the fish, the fish, of course you will hold, the yellow EMAs, you get the Fibonacci and retracement from 50%. This confirms your trade and gives you a little more confidence in this part of the correct place. For the other one, in the previous lesson, we drew the resistance supports. You draw them in your zones, for example the support and when you find around this zone, you look to find the entry for the long position. If you want to say about some resistance, you will just wait for the price to react from this zone and after that you will look for your entry for the short position, it is understood on the full low time frame. If you draw resistance supports at the same time as the time frame, you look at the trade for 15 minutes. This strategy works at 15 minutes, at 5 minutes, at 1 hour. When the EMAs move horizontally, you have no trend. This is pure consolidation. But at the moment in which you start to jump up or down, at 15 minutes, at 1 hour, you can find the entry for the ribbon strategy. You can see, for example, here, even on this time frame, you can achieve 6-7 frames per hour or for a day. Depending on the time you want, but I personally traded quite interesting trades around 1 hour via time frame, for example here, where you have it, you can position yourself in the last way. After that, you can enter this trade and if you press that it extends a lot, you can simply place the test on the basis of any structure. At any moment in which I enter or test, you can turn and be on the basis of the last trade. After that, on this trade and after that here, on this trade and so on until the moment the price will rise, the profit will be understood and in the situation, it would look like 10 stone, namely 10% on the account you are trading, if you risk 1%, as we have said, you have to risk a lot. Another interesting thing, again at 15 minutes time frame, which I would advise you to use is WillUp. It is fully enough, that is the standard indicator which is made of trading will. In the beginning it may look like the last way, you can open it and move these standard deviations. I left the color white and here I have a session and so on, absolutely nothing fancy. This helps you to recognize the trend even today and you may add another rule in which you are trading only when you are under WillUp. To say that this zone is interested we have a reaction with bearish candlestick from WillUp. If the fish are answering and this is bearish retest I am forbidden to open this position. At the same time with an increase of 255 AMA I go down, we retest the yellow AMA under WillUp we retest and I am forbidden to open this trade. In this case it was bearish. Friends, let's continue not to the last place, Bitunix, our sponsor the most important fight with us and with our students. You may use level 2 with 25% of all taxis with QR code down or with links from our video. We constantly retest campaigns, bulls of all trades that we do each transaction with a step. If you are looking for a fight or you are looking for a good fight Bitunix is a place for you. And for those of you who are watching how to test strategies you may come here to download replays then to choose the date for example the beginning of this month and to turn and start to test the strategy. If I advise you every time to click here on this trade where you will be able to open demo account trades so that you do not run the strategy by hand. You have the advantage that in the moment in which you open this session this strategy will disappear. But if you share 2 hours a day you can do backtesting and in 2 hours I am sure that on 3x speed you will be able to achieve more than 20, 30 or 50 trades of their strategy. But let's not forget and let's see if you will get something that interests us. The trend here is quite extended and again I have to look for the continuation of the shorts because the EMA is down. We will wait to see what will happen so that I can show you what exactly I have ahead of me and how you can read the statistics that I showed you. For the moment this is what I do not want to trade. Exactly under 255 EMAs we are very likely just to catch up horizontally and not get any set up. Here we click down and we make a serious serious reaction from the price. Will we get B and B without catching up the whole structure. What we like here is that we light up the fish but for the moment 255 EMAs are still running down. Let's not let one trade together to see what exactly will show us from the bottom of the journal. Maybe it's not a big deal because it's only been divided over time on this entry. We leave 100% on the fish we confirm 100% and let it replay. We have not yet this is Asia so we can get a consolidation. Yes. In such a situation let me explain it to you. What happens here is that we get a test but as you can see the fish are starting to become horizontal. This is the moment where we just have to say that there was no best situation in which we can take this trade and try to go up and try to go down but we have absolutely no trend. As you can see here we go up, we go down, we go up, we go down this means that our stop loss is very high. We close this position and continue. Here we can give another example if we get a bearish candle stick. This is similar to bearish and go off and go down we open again just for example in our juice but it is not far enough to get a break even though at the moment we have one and a little stone we will extend this trade so that we can get a beer. From now on the horizontal fish are moving which I don't like much but we will move the stop loss to the break even we are already far from the entry and we will add this trade with partial close and we will add half so that we can have statistics with which to work down and to show you what I am looking at. We will continue the trade even if it is too much for the consumption as I showed you earlier and it will be hard. I will continue, we will go down here we can add 5% in the case of 50% and we continue to move the stop loss down, good we move the stop loss with half of the fish even a little down as I see I am trying to do some free trade we want to be part of this and now I will show you how we will prepare the profit, good this is already with the tests for the moment and we are going to this picture you do not see it from the camera and from the moment it will move here in this area we are asking here for replay trading and this is exactly before that which you have to press for trade replay trading is launched there and here it is already the moment in which we show absolutely everything that we are interested how much we should have done what is our profit factor how much we regretted how much we lost what is the gross profit gross loss, the profit factor we have already stated and how much we have as returns for all this how much you should have, how much you will lose what were the trades and what happened to our backtesting so you can use all this information to improve your trading if you have any questions about how to read these metrics write to me I am open to help you and so this was the lesson with the first strategy some magical indicator as an instrument which helps you to stop fighting from the market and start trading in the synchronized snow if you start with the zero crypto full free course in which you build a stable foundation at the same level full trade by design course is there for the people who want it a real system, structure and foundation links are below if the video was useful like and subscribe and write in the comments what you want to see in the next video bye and see you soon