This very strange indicator has a 63% win rate, but what's weird about it is it only allows you to trade above the line. So guys, I'm going to be converting this into a trading strategy with rules so you can follow along. But for us to do that, we're going to have this start right now. Okay, guys, here I am on trading view. This is the new strategy called Managing Cloud. We're going to go through the indicators involved and I'll give you the full back testing results. As you can see, they look pretty awesome. So let's get straight to business. Okay, so the first indicator that we're going to be using is the EWMA. I'm on BTCUSDT on the one hour timeframe. We're going to go up to indicators up here and we're going to type EWMA. It's the Entrophy Weighted Moving Average. This is by my friend, Yuli, who actually helps me to build indicators in our community. Absolutely wonderful guy. We're going to add that to our charts. Then the Entrophy Indicator is an absolutely insane indicator. It helps us to keep out of these sideways moving sort of choppy movements and tells us when we can actually trade. As you can see here, it has picked up on a huge, huge movement all the way up and it allows us to trade on that. But we don't want to get into the sideways moving markets because that is where we get chopped in and out and this indicator absolutely helps us to stay out of those markets. But as you'll know, one indicator by itself isn't really going to help us to become profitable. We need multiple indicators. For example, this one here actually will only tell us when we're allowed to trade. There's no direction. You don't know whether you're going to be short or long. So that's why we have to add more indicators. So the next indicator we're going to add is going to give us our trend direction on a much lower timeframe so we know which way to trade. So we're going to add the Range Filter. The Range Filter by Donovan Wall is just this one here. Now, this is one of the best indicators as far as I'm concerned for getting our entries. As you can see, we are green, which means we're allowed to trade. And thanks to Donovan Wall's Range Filter, we know we're allowed to take an entry here long and pick up movements just like this. But once again, we're going to need more indicators to confirm our entries and also to make sure there's enough volume in the market so that we don't get chopped in and out even on these smaller moves. And by the way, just as a side note, all of these indicators, including the ones from Uli, will be, you can find up here on davidtech.com under the free indicators section just here. Okay, let's have a look at the next indicators that we're going to be adding to help confirm our entries. Our third indicator that we're going to be adding is going to be called the Le Mans Trend indicator by David Tech. This one here, free and open source. You can find it on the website, like I said earlier. So this one here is going to confirm our entries and helps us to get our sniper entries just before market pumps. When the green line is above zero and red is below zero, we're looking for longs. And when it's the other way round, we're looking for shorts. So we can confirm entries just like this one over here. We would get an absolute perfect long entry. But we all know we'd be completely lost without the wonders of the ATR to set our stop losses and take profit. The ATR bands adapt perfectly to price movement and just gives us enough wiggle room to have a good stop loss and know exactly when we're going to get out of the market. So I'm going to go over, I'm going to type ATR bands, ATR bands like this one here, David Tech. We're going to go over, we're going to click the cog and we're going to convert the ATR bands to three. That gives us enough wiggle room to set our stop loss to the ATR bands. Let's go and get that perfect entry. We're looking for the EWMA to be green, meaning we can take a trade. We're then looking for our sniper entries. Thanks to the range of filter turning green, which was on this candle here and we're looking for green to be over red and red to be below the zero line, which is around this candle just here. We're going to set our stop loss to the ATR bands and we're looking for a risk to reward of one to two. Boom. And as you can see, that was an absolutely perfectly cherry picked entry. I don't know why I'm so proud of myself for picking these cherry picked entries every single show, but there we go. Okay, guys, I'm going to go away and get the backtesting results so we can see how this performed on BTC USDT on the one-hour timeframe. Guys, before we get into the backtesting results, a huge shout out to one of my friends called Fishy Inc from the David Tech community. He's built an absolutely wonderful program called Trade Harbor, which allows you to track multiple wallets on all of your exchanges. Not only that, you can track all your bots, you can see exactly how many entries had, and your P&L for all of the combined accounts in one single place. This isn't sponsored, but I thought I'd give a shout out to somebody who's part of our community and actually building something useful. You can get access for free by becoming a David Tech member, or you can go and support your project yourself. You'll be able to find the link down in the description. Okay, guys, let's get over to the backtesting results. We're going to give it a drum roll, and here we go. And there you go, guys. Boom! Right here on the backtesting results. As you can see, the strategy has a total P&L of 3,888%. If that doesn't bring luck, I don't know what will. You have a mere drawdown of 21%. I know that going through 21% is enormous, but we are on 10x leverage and 10% of the account. We can reduce that massively by reducing the amount of leverage. We have a total number of trades of 237 and a win rate of 62.8%, a profit factor of 2.1, and the equity curve looks pretty awesome if I do so myself. But if we look at the benchmark, we absolutely crushed the benchmark, and we didn't even go underwater. As you can see, the minimum was 0%. If we look at the number of wins against losses, we had 149 winning trades and 88 losers. Let's have a very quick look at some of the other stats up here. Total max wins in a row was 16, and total max losses in a row were 6, which means that we would have went through six bad trades all in a row, so you do have to make sure that you can actually go through that. Guys, I think that's it for that trading strategy. I also know that it works very, very well on sole USDT and multiple exchanges, which also confirms that it could be potentially a good strategy after we put it into a forward testing period. I'm going to add it to the David Tech website. I'll come back to it in three months to see whether or not I will add this to my trading portfolio. Talking of my toilet trading portfolio, we're currently just doubled our accounts that we started just under a year ago on David Tech, transparently in Discord. I'm very proud of that. Now, I know it's not a crypto bro, 10X, but for me, it has steadily grown, and I'm very, very happy with the results so far. So if you want to learn how to algo trade 100% automatically with systems, come join me. I'm going to be doing a live webinar. At the beginning of every month, you'll get access to a private WhatsApp. You'll be able to find the links to that down in the description below as well. Without further ado, guys, take care, keep safe, trade like a boss, and I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.