Today we're going to be looking at this indicator here and I'm going to be testing it as far as I possibly can to see whether or not it is possible. So if that sounds good, let's get straight to it. Hey traders, I hope you're all going extremely well. My name is David and welcome to my channel where I test trading indicators to see whether they are profitable on live markets. Okay, today we have a new indicator called the trend at speed analyzer by Xiaman himself. So without further ado, let's get over to my screen and let's have a look at this brand new indicator. Guys, but before I go, if that sounds good to you and you are enjoying the video, if you don't mind giving it a good old thumbs up, don't forget to subscribe. I do videos about indicators every single week. Don't forget to hit that bell button so that you get an alert as soon as I find something interesting. Right. Let's get over to my screen. Let's have a look at this new indicator. Okay, here we are on trading view. This is the indicator. We're going to be back testing. This is the trend speed analyzer by Xiaman. And as you can see, it is a bit of an histogram down here at the bottom panel. We also have some trend direction indicators here, which is absolutely perfect. So I'm going to go over to trading view charts and we're going to start by adding this indicator to do this. We're going to go up to indicators up the top here and then we're going to search for trend speed analyzer by Xiaman here has 3200 downloads when I started this video. We click it and add it to our chart. And as you can see, it looks a bit like something like this. Now we have a histogram down the bottom here, which allows us to tell whether we're looking for long positions when it goes green and short positions when it goes red. Now what is great about this indicator? It does tend to have a dark red when the markets are moving faster. And when we're in more colon solidation periods, we have a light pink color here. And that tends to help us to stay out of market when markets are going sideways. Up above here, we have a moving average, which allows us to tell us whether or not we're looking for long or short positions. Now, as always here on the David Tech channel, we're going to be backtesting it as far as we possibly can. But first of all, we need a plan. We need to know exactly when we're going to get into our trades. But not only that, we need to know where we're going to set our stock loss and take profit. So we'll be adding a couple of other indicators to keep us out of markets when markets are moving sideways. So I'm going to add the ADX with M.A., which is a David Tech indicator. And you can find that on davidtech.com. It is free and open source. And you can find it up here in the navigation bar at the top. You can also get absolutely free access to all of the David Tech bots and all of the backtesting results. There's 1400 backtests on the website where you can see and get the trading views strategies absolutely for free right back over to the chart. I'm going to add the ADX M.A. And that's going to keep us out of markets when markets are moving sideways. So we're looking for price to be above the moving average and for it to be green when we're looking for longs. We're looking for the TSA to be green and above the zero line to take our entries. And then we're going to looking for the ADX to be red over blue, whether it's a long or a short, it's always a red over blue. Right, so our first entry is just here. We're going to be setting a long position just like that. As you can see, we are above the moving average. The histogram has gone green and the ADX has gone red over blue. Now, obviously, I am cherry-protein this entry, but we will backtest using code straight afterwards. Right, OK, for the stop loss and the take profit, we're going to use the trusty ATR bands. Now, the ATR bands by David Tech are a great way to set your stop loss and take profit as they adapt to market conditions and means you don't have exactly the same stop loss and take profit. No matter whether the markets are ranging or actually trending. So this helps you to get a better stop loss. I'm going to set the upper and lower bands to three. We're going to set the stop loss just like that. And then we're going to look for a risk to reward of one point five. Boom. And as you can see, that was absolutely perfect entry. Whichever dose I'm saying myself was absolutely perfectly cherry pink. Right, OK, that is the strategy. It is very simple, just a couple of indicators. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go backtest it as far as I possibly can. And then I'll get back to you with the backtesting results. OK, guys, I'll see you in a couple of seconds. Come on, David. And once again, he's got to call a new strategy. Show us what you got. OK, here, guys, I am back here on a trading view. I have done the backtesting results. I've coded the strategy we're ready to go. It's called TSA speed by David. Take over here. We're on a 45 minute. I have actually tested it on multiple pairs and found that it's actually much, much better on those low caps. So let's have a black backtest on this pair here. We're on 45 minutes, as I said earlier. Drum roll, please. Boom, right. OK, as you can see from the backtesting results, the equity curve looks absolutely amazing. We're looking perhaps into the buy and hold. We pretty much beat the buy and hold most of the way. If you were to purchase this pair over here, you would currently be up 63 percent. And this trading strategy is up 478 percent. Backstrawdown was 23 percent. We took 317 close trades and the win rate was 56 percent, which is pretty good. Profit factor is 1.7. As I said earlier, I have backtested on multiple pairs. So let's have go through a couple of other ones. I'm going to cue some music. We're just going to go through and roll through each and every one of them. Until we get to the end, I think it's about 10, so I'll see you in a couple of seconds. You can see that this strategy works on multiple pairs, which is absolutely amazing. It just shows how robust this potentially could be. I'm going to put this into live trading to see whether it actually works on live markets. It's all great backtesting, but you can only really prove a trading strategy on data that it's never seen. So that's why on davidtech.com, you can see all of the strategies, how they're performing in backtesting and on live trading strategies. Like I said earlier, you can get access 100 percent for free by just signing up to one of our partner exchanges. And you get access to 1,200 strategies on a trading view and not only that. With a single button, you can use our copy bar function, which allows you to copy the actual trades over to your exchange. Thank you so much for once again for joining me here on davidtech. Come and join us on the community where we've got the most vibrant algo trading community in the world is free. Also, everything's down in the description down below. Take care. Keep safe at TradeLugBoss and I will see you in the next video. Good bye. A new strategy. He'll be back in just five minutes. RSI and MACD.