This trader here says that one single indicator is enough to become a profitable trader and that indicator is the nine exponential moving average. And listen, I suggest you stay until the end because yes, this strategy looks a little bit too simple to be profitable, but when backtesting, the data did something that I just didn't expect. Okay, guys, here we are on YouTube. This is the YouTube channel I was talking about. The rumors has almost 300,000 subscribers with only 66 videos. I've been through this strategy and pretty anything seems very, very simple. This paid trader has been pitching they has 26 years of trading experience behind him. And in this words, you just simply don't need any more indicators. And that is the exponential moving average, also known as the EMA at a length of nine. And even better, he claims that with this indicator, you can get sniper entries, which is a pretty cool story. So I guess now it's time for us to test it. And for that to happen, we're going to have to start right now. So in this video, you're going to be getting the exact rules of the strategy, the exact variations because there are three and the backtesting results, no discretion, no cherry picking, and the twist is the version that most people are using is not the one that matters. OK, let's get into the strategy. First things first, the EMA is an indicator that is on trading for you. Just click up here, go to indicators, type EMA, and you'll find the moving average exponential that is the indicator that we're going to be using today. It adds this blue line that goes above and below price action. The exponential moving average gives more weight to price action, which is closest to the latest candle. So it's a little bit more reactive than the moving average. OK, so the first setup is very, very simple. It is a crossover. So we're going to be using price action and we're going to be using the EMA. So when that price is below the EMA like it is currently at the moment and then breaks over, this is where we're going to be looking to take a long, very, very simple. We'll take a long on the following candle after it actually breaks out without any stop loss. We're going to be actually using the EMA as our stop is going to be our stop loss and also our take profits. Now we're looking for a full closed candle below the EMA for us to close our position out. As you can see there, we would have won around two percent on our account just there targeting the EMA. So once again, we're waiting for price to cross over and we're just going to hold our position all the way up to we get a full close candle below the EMA. So that is the first set up and is the easiest set up of them all. OK, so for shorts, we have two options. When price goes below the EMA like that, we can either stay out of the market and only accept longs or what we can do is we can actually short the market at this point here as price crosses below, we can actually take an entry and we can hold that entry as a short or just a sale until price actually comes back and crosses above the EMA. So that is a very simple strategy. It is a simple crossover strategy from the EMA. Now, the second strategy is a retest, retest, meaning that we come back after crossing over, retest the EMA and then we take our entry, giving us a little bit of time to confirm those entries. OK, so this is the retest strategy. We're looking for exactly the same setup. We're looking for price to cross over the EMA, but we're not going to take an entry straight away. We're waiting for a candle to wick down to retest the EMA. Once we've retested, we'll be able to take our entry there, just giving us a little bit of time to confirm that we are actually in a trend. And we're going to be doing exactly the same as earlier. We're going to be looking for a full closed candle for us to exit our entry. So maybe a little bit less risky, allowing us to retest that EMA, just making sure that we don't get chopped in and out of entries as price does tend to come back to the EMA quite often. For short, we're looking something a little bit more like this here, where we cross under the actual EMA. We look for a retest with a full wick above the actual EMA, and then we can actually take our entry and then we can actually hold that entry until we've had a full cross over just here. And that's where we exit our entries. And setup number three is the separator. The separator is completely different to all the other setups and looks a little bit like a reversal. So if we go back over to our first long entry here, this is where we would have got in or on the retest. But the separator is very, very different to the others. We're actually looking for the EMA to be above our price. And we're looking for large wick candles like these ones here. Boom. So we're looking for a candle with a large wick, meaning that we're losing seller pressure and we're looking to take an entry as a long. We also have to be far away from the actual EMA, meaning that we're potentially overextended and where the name comes from as the separator. So here we would get in on one of these candles here. We would still not have any stop loss, which in my eyes makes this one a little bit more risky because we don't even have the EMA protecting us if price continues to dump. We then hold on to the skin of our teeth and hope that price will cross over that EMA. And when it does, we're gonna be holding onto our position all the way up to where price crosses back over and clearly closes over the EMA. Yes, this looks like a fantastic entry and yes, you do get in a lot earlier than anybody else. In my eyes, this is probably one of the more risky setups. So these are the three setups from our good friends, the rumors. I'm gonna go away and back test this. Obviously the separator is gonna be the hardest one to back test as there is no stop losses and those big wicks are kind of in the eye of the EMA holder. So let's get back to this thing. Come on David and once again he's got to go and use strategies. Show us what you got. A huge shout out to Evdinks. We partnered up with them so that you guys can use the Davidik strategies on a decentralized exchange. Evdinks combines the fast transaction processing and seamless user experience as a centralized exchange with decentralization, security and self custody. We're really proud and happy to offer that anybody that signs up for a Evdinks account you will also get access to some of the Davidik strategies. Thanks to them once again. Let's get over to the back testing results. Okay guys, I have back tested the strategy and pretty surprised with the results. I didn't think that this was gonna end up this way. So let's get straight over to my screen. Let's have a look at the back testing result. Okay, so drum roll please. Boom, right. Okay, let's go through the settings on the strategy as you can see. I have set up multiple ways of trading. You can allow longs and shorts. So we can actually remove the shorts. As I said earlier, a short system isn't mandatory. You could just step out of the market at that point. I added a couple of extra things like the separator here which adds these great ATR bands here that allows us to detect whether we're further enough away from price action before we even detect one of these big wicks. Next we have the retest here which allows us to test the retest of the crossover of the EMA. So as you can see with these back tests that I come up with a second ago we are currently on the separator. Let's remove the separator. Let's go over to the first one here and we're gonna be using a crossover strategy. Okay, so as you can see the back testing isn't that bad. We've back tested all the way back up to 2024 here but let's go entire history which unfortunately the full back test as expected is in the red. If you would be trading this from 2022 yes, you would be in the green the whole way up but there was a huge period where this trading strategy was actually falling apart. If I go to one year you can see that the one year chart is not the greatest in the world either. So next one we're gonna do is we're gonna go over and we're gonna see whether the retest is any better. Let's update that report and boom, it is. Over the past year we would have made 155% which is absolutely incredible. We had a max drawdown of 22%. Now guys do remember this doesn't have a stop loss 22% doesn't mean that you wouldn't have gone even further down it's just that we would have hit that to EMA at 22% and that would have been the maximum drawdown we went through between two actual highs. We had 737 closed trades. Profitable trades was only 30% but profit factor was 1.3. We're gonna test the final setup here guys. We are still on the NQ minis on the 30 minute timeframe. I will test on other time frames as well because in his video he was on the five minute timeframe but this is the best setup that I've actually found so far. Gonna go over, we're gonna go down and we're gonna scroll to the bottom here and we're gonna use the separator using the ATR bands and the wick of the candle. We're gonna update that report and as you can see over the past year has actually taken 801 closed trades made a little bit less profit of 179%. The max drawdown is acceptable at 11% and we have a win rate of 32%. Profit factor is much better at 1.41 and as you can see the rumors actually did smash that benchmark. Okay, as I said earlier, there is one thing that is a bit worrying is when we do do a full back test on the whole entire history, we do go often into the red for a long period of time, just like that. So if you would have been trading this all the way from 2020, meaning around the past five to six years, you would actually be in profit and not a little bit, quite a lot, you'd be actually up 322%. So not bad strategy over the past five years, but we are, as I said, on the 30 minute timeframe, let's go down to the five minutes to see whether it's any good and trading on a much lower timeframe. As you can see, it is in the red, we lost 275%. And I can tell you through back test and spending time back testing it throughout the day that the 30 minute and the NQ are the only pairs that actually seem to work together. As soon as you go a bit further down into lower timeframes, it doesn't work. The two hour was okay, one hour wasn't great and the four and one day wasn't that good either. So for me as a final thought, this strategy seems to have quite a lot of potential. We added a couple of indicators for volume and maybe another longer term EMA or another trend direction indicator. We could come up with something that actually worked long term. So it's good to see that some of these YouTube channels actually do have not so bad strategies. Congratulations to the rumors. Let's hope that we'll be able to find something better in this score with some more confirmation which will help us to be profitable in the long term. Guys, without further ado, I'm gonna wish you an absolutely wonderful day. You can get this strategy for free on the David Tech website. Just go up to the top, click free indicators. You'll be able to find the links down in the description below. At the beginning of the month I'm also gonna be doing a challenge where I'm gonna be going through five days of setting up strategies with you on Zoom. You'll be able to find links about that. Come and join our private WhatsApp group. And I'm really looking forward to meeting everybody. Have a wonderful day. Take care. Keep safe and trade luck, boss. I'll see you in the next one, guys. Take care. Goodbye. Come on, David. And once again, he's gone to call a new strategy. He'll be back in just five minutes. RSI and MACD.