So if you're like me and absolutely love spending time with your crypto bros on Telegram, but absolutely hate all of the garbage you get from non-verified world trades from influencers, which just keep losing money time after time. Well, I may have a solution for you today in the form of a Telegram bot. So if that sounds good to you, let's get straight to it. Hey, traders, I hope you're going extremely well. My name's David and welcome to my weekly segment on banter where I go through proven and profitable trading strategies. Today, we're going to be talking about Telegram bots and I've got a really exciting announcement to share with you. Now, like I said earlier, I've been a user of Telegram for absolutely years and I use many of these bots for my daily trading on Telegram. They make things so, so much easier, allowing us to enter into DeFi without having to have heavy apps on our computer and allows us to make easy trades on the go. We can do loads of special things like verifying transactions. We can copy other traders thanks to some copy trading functions. They allow us to snipe tokens much faster and hopefully making us even more profit. I absolutely love these Telegram bots and there's many, many users that love them as well, but there is one thing that I don't love about them and that is the opaqueness of the strategies that they actually use. Some of these trading bots allow you to copy their strategies but you don't really know what's behind them. You have no idea why on earth they're taking trades. Whether it's a grid bot, whether it's a trend following bot, a sniper bot, there is really very little information. Some others offer copy trading functionality which is absolutely amazing to be able to follow smart money but there's a real big problem with this also. You're following people that you don't know, you have no track record of these traders and you don't know their intentions for the future. So it's a bit like trading blindly and although it can be profitable in the short term, in general we see many, many traders doing a full loop all the way back to where they started, losing all of the gains that they started with. To make things worse, you probably jumped in right at the top and didn't even experience the move up so you've probably even lost more money than they actually did. So this is where I put two and two together myself with the David Tick community. We've been working for the past five years to produce at least two new strategies every single day that I have been backtested. There's 1,200 strategies on the David Tick website and you can see we've backtested which means that we used historical data to see whether or not the trading strategies actually work and then we put them on I've markets to make sure that they work even longer in the future. It's something that I'm extremely, extremely proud of and we've done an absolutely amazing job. But the problem with 1,200 strategies that it gives us so much choice that we really don't know which strategies to choose. I've been doing this for five years so I have actually been able to become a profitable trader consistently over the past a couple of years and for me it's almost like a second nature but I do understand that people that are just jumping into trading find it a bit hard to choose the strategies and don't even know whether they really can trust them or not. So a couple of months ago, Banto challenged me to set up copy trading accounts to prove that my actual trading was as good as I was telling everybody and as you can see from this one here I have actually almost doubled multiple accounts over the past six months. Now all of these are traded 100% with bots, automation I hate sitting in front of the computer just to trade. I really do feel as though if everybody's talking about it we should be able to code it and we should be able to trade it automatically. So that's what I did and that's why we have 1200 strategies. Now getting to the telegram bots so I decided to make things a little bit easier for everybody so I'm opening a wait list for our brand new telegram bot called Trader Dev. Now this is the world's first ever trading bot that actually has proven and transparent trading strategies you can verify all of them on a trading view and you can see which strategies they're actually using but there's a big, big difference from the David Tech website. Everything is inside telegram which yes, it makes our lives a little bit easier we can go out and about you can see your accounts balance you'll be able to see what trades we're currently in you'll be able to close trades easier than having to log into trading view or your exchange but yes, this does make that a little bit easier but the most important thing is that I've taken these strategies that I personally trade and put all of those strategies into separate buckets those buckets allow you to trade up multiple strategies as one single bot and it makes things a little bit easier because it means we only have five current bots on the telegram bot I made it simple all you have to do is sign up for your exchange add your exchange API and keys into the telegram bot and then you can choose a bot simply by clicking here you'll be able to see the equity curve how things are going for the bot you'll be able to see what coins are being traded and you'll be able to add that strategy very, very easily over to your exchange you click here you choose your exchange you choose how much equity you'll be using for each trade how much leverage you would like to use and you simply press confirm and activate and that's done you've connected that trading strategy with all of those bots so that's multiple bots sort of trading fit on your behalf high probability of ability bots that have been pretty back tested on historical data and pretty traded on live data let me show you again the five bit accounts that I'm actually trading these have almost doubled thanks to these bots I'm putting them all in there they're gonna be all engineered into one single app on telegram where you can do absolutely everything in one single place before I go any further guys it also has a referral program so if you're looking to make a little bit more extra cash you refer your friends you can earn some extra cash with thanks to this bot it's gonna be all wrapped in its own ecosystem so that we can hopefully continue to thrive as a community together building amazing tools which actually have data proven strategies in the background okay guys I hope that you are as excited as I am for this launch like I said it's gonna be a waiting list it is on invite only as part of the banter community you'll be able to get access to the trader dev bots and without further ado guys I'm gonna wish you an absolutely wonderful weekend thank you for spending a little bit of time with me I really look forward to sharing more awesome strategies and backtested data proven approaches to trading so you don't have to spend all of your day in front of a computer losing money to signals and trading blindly without further ado guys thank you very much take care keep safe trade like a boss and I'll see you next weekend goodbye five minutes I'll recite an m-a-c-d