This brand new buy sale indicator on Trading View looks incredible. It paints perfect entries, and entries and exits are all over the charts. But indicators don't make money, strategies do. So in this video I'm going to be turning this into a real trading strategy, and back to stick properly for at least 100 takes. So you can see that it's actually worth adding to your Trading View chart or just ignoring. But for this to actually mean anything, we're going to have to start right now. Okay guys, here we are on Trading View. This is the brand new indicator. We're currently on SolUSDT on the two hour timeframe. As you can see, I've already added the indicator to the charts. You can see the buy sale signals. They look pretty awesome at first sight. But that is generally where indicators go wrong. An indicator can look incredible for two reasons. Either it's actually picking up something that's actually useful, or it could be lagging or even repainting on historical data, and just making your charts look nice. The only way to tell is to first this indicator to be part of a system and actually backtest to make sure that the rules are actually good. So today I have put together some rules to backtest this strategy here. It's based on my actual personal trading plan, which I am trading live on this board transparently. You can see here my buy bit account with a challenge account that I sell with the community. So we're going to be using a couple of indicators. We're going to be using the one that you see on the chart, but we're going to give it a trend direction because the problem is with the indicators, is they generally chop in and out and we do have to add multiple indicators. So we're going to add one for trend direction. We're going to use a confirmation indicator. We're going to add a vol or a volatility indicator, and we're going to add the ATR bands for stop loss. So let's add these indicators to the chart. So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to identify this indicator. That is the secret indicator. This indicator is called the A, B common, which stands for the adaptive band with common is Hearst driven, which was actually coded by one of my very good friends, Oody. He is part of the community and he does live streams where he's coding indicators with his logic. And I can tell you he's one heck of an intelligent guy. So back over to the charts to find this indicator, you will need to go over to davidtech.com, click free indicators at the top here. Click free indicators at the top here and you can add this indicator to your chart, right? Right, this is going to be our confirmation indicator that gets us in and gives us our entries, but we do need a trend indicator that's going to tell us which way the market is going. So for that, we're going to be adding the range of filter, which is by Donovan wall. It's in this indicator here. It has 5,500 downloads and I believe is one of the best range of filter indicators on TradingView. If I click here, we'll be able to add that directly to the chart. As you can see, it gives us this pink and lime cloud and a trend line just here. So what we're going to be looking for is we're going to be looking for the moving average to be green and for price to be above that moving average for us to take a long and then for it to be a pink color and for price to be below it to actually take a short. This is going to be known as our base line, which gives us our trend direction. We're then going to add back our A, B Coleman, which is going to give us our entries. As you can see here, for example, it would have got an absolute perfect entry where both of the two confluences actually line up and take a great entry. What's great is by aligning these two indicators together we actually filter out some of the false signals made by the A, B Coleman. Together they seem to work extremely well and but that is not the end of our plan. Next, we're going to be adding the Hearst exponent, which is by Quant Nomad. It's this one here. I'm going to click that and add it to the chart. Okay, the Quant Nomad is a very, very good indicator as well and it's going to help us to make sure that there's enough movement or we're actually already in a trend that we're not a sideways moving market. Now what we're looking for on the Hearst EXP is simply to remove this red line here. We go onto the cog, we take a turn off a Hearst smooth. I'm going to make it a little bit thicker for YouTube so we can see it here. Okay, so what we are looking for with the Hearst is for the green line to be above this white line here. The white line is plotted at 0.5, which means that when the green line is above the white line here, we're actually in a trending market. This indicator here is going to help us to stay out of markets when we're chopping sideways just like this up here and we don't want to be chit-chopped in and out of the market. Now all of these rules put together have started to create us a strategy and not just an indicator. We have rules for entries, but entries are nothing without knowing when we're going to get out of our positions. That's where we're going to be using ATR bands to be able to set our stop loss and also to project our take profits. Okay, so I'm going to go over to indicators at the top here and type ATR bands. I'm going to click this one by David Tick. If you don't have it once again, you'll be able to find it on the David Tick website under free indicators just here. The ATR bands are these wiggly red and green lines that are on the outer edges of price action. We're going to go here and click the cogs and we're going to make them a little bit wider by using a multiplier of three. This is going to give us a little bit more wiggle room. What ATR bands actually do is they give us a little bit of a idea of the volatility in the market and allow us to set better stop losses. So I've cherry picked this entry just here so we can test all of these indicators together. So first of all, we're going to be looking at the range filter. The range filter has gone green and price is above it just here. We have our first buy signal from the AB Coleman and the Hearst EXPT is above 0.50 as you can see just here. So we're going to set our first long entry to this candle here and we're going to set our stop loss to the ATR bands. And then finally, we're going to be looking for the money, we're going to be setting our risk to reward to 1.5. And as you can see, this was a killer entry cherry picked by myself and a 3.5% win in my pocket. Okay, so that's the strategy. Pretty simple really, a couple of indicators. Everything is rules-based. We're going to know exactly when we're going to be taking a trade, when we're going to exit a trade and how much we're going to be trading with thanks to all of the rules that we've put together and that we're going to back test that now on historical data. Okay guys, after a couple of hours of backtesting I've added the strategy to the famous boilerplate by David Tech just here which allows us to back test these strategies with the rules using the trading view backtester and all of the data that they have. Absolutely love the look of this strategy. Absolutely tons of entries. That was a hell of a losing streak that we just went through there but we did have quite a few big wins just as you can see here and some absolutely amazing entries. So let's have a look at some of these backtest results. You can see on the table here the majority of the mumps were actually in the green. We did have a couple of mumps which had losses in a row. Two mumps here, two mumps there. No real big patterns but there obviously were some mumps where the strategy failed to perform. Let's have a look at the actual benchmarks and see whether or not our strategy actually performed better than the market. So here are the backtesting results from trading view. We backtest as far as we possibly could entire history. All the way back to the beginning of time on trading view here and look at that equity curve. Looks absolutely amazing. This here must have been that big losing streak that we had, which we will have to look into but we did end up with 1,813% net profit. A max drawdown of 25% do remember that this is on 10x leverage with 10% of the portfolio. I do all of my backtests on that so that they all are fair but obviously it's best to decrease the amount of equity and the amount of leverage. Of course that is not in the slightest financial advice because I'm not a financial advisor. Everything you see on this channel is just me geeking out on code and trying to build trading strategies for my own personal use and hopefully to help people using code. As you can see it took out 248 total trades throughout that time. The next drawdown was 25%. Win rate was 52.82% and more importantly the profit factor was 1.6%. As you can see from the equity curve I've added the buy and hold meaning that if you would have purchased Soul here you would have actually beaten the strategy for a couple of months even a year but after that the strategy against the benchmark actually destroyed it. If I scroll down a little bit we look at the benchmark data here you would see that you currently beat up 293% if you would have purchased Soul back here. Maximum you ever went up would have been at 664% and the maximum that you would have been down would have been at 75% which would be absolutely horrible being under water 72% of your initial investment. The actual strategy was only down 1.57% from the beginning as you can see just here where it went a little bit red. Currently it's up 1,800% the maximum we ever went up was 2,200%. If I scroll down a bit you can see that we had 131 wins against 117 losses and currently we're in zero open trades. Okay so that was the back test results on SoulUSDT on the two hour timeframe. If you're interested in seeing more back tests on different coin pairs we're even gonna be exploring things like Forex and Gold and things like that in the near future. Come join us on Discord. You can get access to everything you'll be able to find the links down in the description where we do daily shows and gets together where we're back testing and sharing results with the whole community. Look forward to seeing you there. And without further ado guys, take care, keep safe, trade like a boss and I will see you in the next one. Goodbye.