This trader here claims that he makes 40k a month last month. I made over $44,000 and in this video, we're gonna be backtesting to see if it actually works But for that to happen, we're gonna have to start right now big bank small bank I like to make money. All right from watching through JDum's trading advice on his YouTube channel I found that he consistently mentions his profitable trading strategy in countless videos If you're trying to find a repeatable and simple trading strategy that you can use every single day to make consistent profits in the market This video is for you reporting that he earns at least $500 a day to $40,000 a month last month. I made over $44,000 now in my experience of running thousands of tests and backtesting over 1,300 strategies these results are not typical and based on benchmarks and the most profitable hedge funds in the world With the best to quants out there This is I can tell you well out of the ordinary and one other thing that absolutely sticks out to me There is extremely low time frame strategy starting on the one minute time frame But I'm certainly not judging. There is only one way to find out if he's telling the truth And that is to sit down all of the rules and code this strategy so that we can backtest it on as much Possible data as I can find Okay, here we are on my computer. I'm on YouTube. This is jdub trades actual youtuber channel As you can see has quite a few subscribers and a huge number of views Many of my members from my discord community asked me to back test this strategy and I honestly can see why they're interested I mean a one minute 15 minute trading strategy as you can see here scalping that works every single day sounds good too good to be true and Yeah, let's just get to the backtesting right so very quickly I have been through all of his videos and most of the strategies are pretty career and he does have one single strategy There are multiple setups using the New York session And we're gonna be using one of the first candles in that New York session a couple of other things that are very very Important is that we work from the 15 minute time frame to the one minute time frame dependent on the video his time frames do change from 15 minutes down to the one minute time frame and Most of them are multiple time frames. There are three strategies But the one that he generally uses is this retest strategy just here So this is the one that I'm actually going to be backtesting today So I'm gonna write down all of the rules on trading view so you can understand and then we'll back test it on Multiple coin pairs on Forex and on gold and some other assets as well Okay, here we are on trading view as you can see I'm on a euro USD on the 15 minute time frame I've already highlighted the New York sessions here because the idea behind this strategy is to take the first candle From the New York session So the first part of this strategy is to mark out the high and the low of that Candle so now that we have the high and the low of that candle This is the first candle at 9 30 a.m on the New York session We're going to go down to the 15 minute time frame These two lines have given us our zone where we're going to be looking to take our first entries When price decision comes back down and then breaks above either the high or the the low of that candle that we marked out This is what we're going to be calling the breakout The breakout is where we are looking potentially for our first position What we're looking for here is for price to come back and actually retest our zone Now we have multiple candles here one two three candles that actually have actually retested the zone So this is going to be our first one here, which is called our retest candle And this is where we trigger our entry our entry will be made on the open of the next candle And that's all very very simple But this is kind of where some of the strategies actually differ Where we're going to be setting our stop loss and where we're aiming to take our take profit So in some of the videos we set the stop loss to the lower wick of the candle Which was the retest candle just here and then we're looking for a risk to reward of two Which unfortunately we got wicked out of and was a very very small position But nevertheless we got wicked out of that entry The second strategy would be to actually set our stop loss at the low of the candles that we marked out in the first place The zone as I called it and then we're going to be doing something a little bit different We're going to be going to our daily chart and we're going to be marking out the previous day high and the previous day low Just like that Then we go back to our five minute chart and we're going to set our take profit all the way up at our previous day high As you can see that was a much much better trade We did have only a risk to reward of 1.6 But we did have for 20 pips at taking out of the market looks much better set up to me Gives you a little bit more wiggle room allows your trade to actually breathe and most probably would have a higher win rate So that is the setup is very very simple There is no indicators really other than the breaks out of previous candles and should be very very easy for me to code Now as I said earlier, there is one or two differences dependent on the videos that you watch I watched this video here where Garface trades and jjub trades also spoke about this strategy just here And said it was one of their most profitable trading strategies that they both had It wasn't only jw's but also scuff ace trades and this was posted only four weeks ago But there was one major difference to the previous video And that was we were actually on a one minute and a five minute time frame So instead of marking out the 15 minute candle with the high and the low We're going to be marking out the five minute candle And then we're going to be going down to the one minute candle to try and get our entries Okay, so I guess the best thing is for me to go away and back test this strategy It's only kidding take me a couple of seconds. I've got to back test it as far as I possibly can and on multiple Coin pairs and then we'll go through them all together It's not there because it doesn't work on the euro dollar. They may not work on something else So we're going to test it on absolutely everything. Okay. Here we are back on trading view I've lined up all the coins ready for us to back test as you can see I have the trading strategy ready It's coded. It's back tested as far as he possibly can I'm not sure I've got enough money to back test this. There was a lot of entries But I've ever back tested on as much data as I could gather right. Okay. As you can see We have the high and the low marked out here. Let's remove them as you can see in the indicator We have the high and the low marked here, which has created this box We get our breakout indicator and retest and as soon as we come above the line We're actually looking to take our entry. You can see we have our stop loss and take profit The stop loss is the retested candle which actually come across and broke above And then we're doing a risk to reward of one to two So in the settings, we can change all of the settings. It depends on the strategies We can change the time zone. We can test it on absolutely anything I've set up all of the settings here We can either set our stop loss to the impulse Candle which is this candle here the yellow candle highlighted by yellow here Is the candle the one that broke out once after retesting our zone And we can do all wonderful things like add multiple trades per session and things like that But most importantly, we can use the trading view backtester Where we're going to be backtesting all of our strategies like you can see on the david tick website There is over 1,300 strategies that I have back tested with different settings for different pairs You'll be able to see them live and transparently on there. You can also see my live trading account Where I am systematically trading. Never do I sit in front of charts waiting for the first hourly candle Everything is done through automation, which I believe is the only real way to trade You can find more information about that in the description Right. Okay guys, let's get on with the back test. Let's pull up the trading view chart We're on the five minute candle. So we're going to be doing the five minutes of 15 minutes And here is the back test all the way for this year And as you can see, this was absolutely wrecked for one year. We lost 99.53% Max drawdown was 99% We had 170 trades and a 14% win rate profit factor was awful as well But that's not saying they might not work on something else. Let's go on to gpp usd And unfortunately we had the same results. I'm going to scroll through everything else as well We have the jpy as well. Not any good. Maybe it would work on the smp SMP equally as bad. Unfortunately We're going to the NASDAQ maybe gold. We could be Using commodities. Maybe it's a commodity trading strategy equally as bad 89% max drawdown 160 closed trades Maybe this is a cryptocurrency strategy. Let's go for vtc usdt on two bit just here Let's update that report and yes, unfortunately in crypto as well. This strategy is absolutely rubbish Okay, guys And there is one thing that I did forget to state and that is that we are actually backtesting here The first strategy which was the breakout and we're using this yellow candle and the risk to reward was two There was a second setup I'm not going to go through all of the actual coin pairs because we've already seen that this strategy isn't Great. So what I'm going to do is now I'm going to check the I'm going to check very quickly the previous day high So if we go here, we can click take profit on previous day high or low That's going to take our take profit all the way up to here Which allows for the trading strategy to do pretty much the same There's a little bit less drawdown There's one final thing that I can do and that is use the full zone for the stop loss And that may also decrease the drawdown. There you go by increasing our stop loss I actually p&l is a lot better, but we're still at minus 31 percent This whizzed through a couple of these other ones here still looking pretty awful to be honest guys We may have had a winner We have actually got a little bit of profit here before actually sloping completely off at 24 percent And that's on the smp and that's that very much similar We had a little bit of profit in this zone here, but we still absolutely Sloped into underwater territory Finally, we have one last thing that I can do to try and see if this actually worked We can go down to the one minute time frame and do this on the one minute time frame because They did say that this strategy was good on 4x crypto commodities You name it on a multiple time frame. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to go down and we're going to change To the one and five minute Just have to change the number of candles and as you can see it's still looking pretty bad Let's go have a look at a couple of these some of these other Coin pairs getting worse and worse as we go along. Okay guys Okay, guys, I guess that is really the end of the full back test Okay, guys, I really guess there is no point in me dragging this out even further to be 100 honest with you I kind of guessed it would have been I'm going to add this to my excel spreadsheet where you can see all of the back tested trading strategies And their results Unfortunately when you go all the way down to the one minute time frame there isn't much data for each candle Although we would all love to work really hard and have lots of entries on low time frames and then go and enjoy the beach It doesn't seem to work that way from the back testing results that I've done So guys if you want to test it for yourself and