Today, we're going to be testing this indicator here. This was sent to me by my community. It looks very exciting. It's new and popular on TradingView. But for that to happen, we're going to have to start right now. So guys, here I am on TradingView. This indicator and the full setup that we're going to be trying today was sent to me by a member of my community. And I'm really excited because it not only has it been backtested, but we've actually put it into live trading for a couple of months to make sure it actually works. So the indicator is called the Commodity Trend by BigBuruga, a very popular pine script developer on TradingView in the recent couple of months. And it's always good to find new and interesting indicators on TradingView by some of these absolutely amazing developers that give everything away for free. Let's get over to my chart. I'm currently on Avax USDT, which we're going to be backtesting on the one hour time frame. I've already added the indicator to my chart. All you have to do is go up to here. Click Commodity Trend Reactor. This one just here is by BigBuruga and it has had 3,000 downloads, which is absolutely incredible. Add it to your chart. It adds not only this area down below, but also adds something that looks a bit like a super trend just above. Now today, for the trading strategy that we're going to be using, we're not going to be using this lower panel here. We're just going to be using the super trend just here. So if you've been following me for a while, we all know that having just one indicator on the chart just makes it look pretty. But the only way really to trade is to build a full strategy and systemise the full process. From backtesting to execution, I don't ever sit in front of charts. I let my system take care of all of my trades from the beginning all the way through the risk management. So we're going to go back to the charts and we're going to start building a strategy. For that, we need to know the rules. The rules, as always, with me are known in advance. We have our trend direction, a couple of indicators for confirmation or confluence. Then we have a vol or volatility indicator vol as in volume. What that's going to do is that's going to keep us out of sideways market. Nobody wants to be chopped in and out of markets like here, where each and every one of our entries are going to get hit the stop loss. We then have an indicator for exiting. We generally use the ATR bands as they adapt really well to market conditions and give us a perfect exit. Right, okay. So first things first, we've added our first indicator here. The commodity trend reactor is going to give us our trend direction. When price is above it and it is green, we're looking for longs. And when price is below and it's orange, we're looking for shorts. Now we're going to be looking for some confirmation indicators. Now in the background, our community has found some absolutely amazing indicators that work extremely well for confluence and they work extremely well with this indicator just here. So I'm going to add them to the chart. The first one is the TDFI, which is this one just here by David Tick. You can get all of the David Tick indicators absolutely for free by going to davidtick.com, clicking on free indicators at the top here. And you can get access to all of the David Tick indicators for free. Most of them are open source and all of them are free. Okay, back to the chart. So we have our first confirmation indicator. The TDFI is absolutely an insane indicator. I think it's brilliant. When it goes above these zero lines here, it goes green and that's when we can take a long. And when it goes below these zero lines here, we go red and that's when we can start thinking about taking shorts. The next confluence indicator that we're going to be using and often is an indicator that we actually use for trend direction. But in this case, it's going to be used as a confluence. We're going to be using the range filter. The range filter by Donovan Wall is an absolutely brilliant indicator as well. And I've got to say his contributions have absolutely been brilliant to trading view as well. I remove all the other indicators from the chart here. We can see the range filter is this indicator here. As I said, it is often used as a trend direction indicator, but we're going to be using its confluence here. We're looking for it to go green for our long entries and then pink for our short entries. So there you have it guys. That is all of the entry indicators that we're going to be using. Now let's have a look for a volume or a volatility indicator. Today, we're going to be using the ADX. The ADX is one of my favorite indicators to keep us out of markets when they're going sideways. We're going to go up to indicators here. We're going to type ADX, ADX with a moving average. Just click on it here and we'll add it to the charts. Again, you can find that indicator in the free indicators of davidtech.com. So for this, what we're looking for is we're looking for the ADX to be above a moving average, just like so. So for our entries, we're looking for the ADX which is the red line just here to be above the moving average, which is the blue line just here. When the ADX is above the moving average, we can actually take any long or short positions. It doesn't tell you which way. It just tells you that it is no longer a sideways moving market. Okay, let's have a look at an entry just here. I've marked on the chart our first entry so that we can just go through the rules one more time. So first thing is the price is above the commodity trend. Refract our green line here and it is green. Our range filter is also green. The TDFI is also in the green and the ADX is above the moving average. We're then going to go over and click long position and we'll go on the next following candle, just like so. We're going to zoom in, move the other indicators so that we can concentrate on our exit indicator which is going to be the ATR bands. ATR bands by David Dick. We're going to go over here and we're going to set the upper and lower bands to three. We're going to set our stop loss to the ATR bands and we're going to set our risk to reward to a 1.5 and boom, we only just about managed to hit the take profit on that one there but it was a winning trade and a perfectly cherry peaked trade. Okay guys, I'm going to back test this as far as I possibly can. Once again on the one hour timeframe on Avax at USDT and I will be back in a couple of seconds with the backtesting results. Come on David and once again he's going to go and use strategies. Show us what you got. Guys, before I jump into the backtesting results a huge shout out to Tubit who have sponsored this video today. Tubit have been supporting the community for around four years and I'm really happy to be partnering up with them to offer even more of David tick for free. By signing up for an account on the Tubit you'll get access to even more strategies and indicators by David tick by following the link down in the description. A huge shout out and a huge thank you to Tubit once again. Okay guys, here we are back on Trading View. We've added this strategy to our Spotify X a program which allows our community to back test any indicator on trading views. A huge shout out to the community member that actually optimized and found this strategy for us. So here are the backtesting results. Drum roll please, boom. And as you can see the equity curve looks absolutely insane. It looks brilliant. It's all the way up. And the amazing part is this has actually been in live trading for over two months. So all of these new trades at the end here actually are live trades and the rest are actually backtests. So let's have a look very quick at some of these stats. The total P&L for this strategy is 1,840%. Max drawdown is only 18% using 10x leverage and 5% of the account which is pretty good. We have 224 closed trades at just over 50% win rate and a profit factor of 1.9. If we scroll down and look at the bench mark which I absolutely love that Trading View has added this that we can see that currently if you would have purchased Avax around here you would currently be down at 14% and you would have been underwater up to 39%. The maximum you would have gone up would have been 273% as our strategy absolutely crushes all of these stats. I go down a little bit we can have a little bit look at the win rate. Total wins 114. Total losses 110. We currently are in a short trade at the moment and if I put the buy and hold onto the chart we absolutely crushed the buy and hold except for this little period here. So the benchmark was absolutely crushed by our new strategy. So guys once again that this setup was found by a member of our community. A big shout out to a big bro Luga who created an absolutely amazing free and open source indicator. Guys that's all from me today have an absolutely wonderful day. I will see you in the next video. Take care, keep safe and I'll see you in the next one. Take care. Goodbye.