Okay, let me take you back to January 2025. CryptoBanta kindly invited me to be a host as their bot expert on their main channel. And very quickly, one topic took over the room. Bots vs humans, who would actually win? So they put me on the spot. They bet me that they could beat my trading bots with manual trading over a 30 day period. Not knowing how competitive I was, I loaded 10k up their account with a mission in hand. I was going to annihilate all manual trading and show them how good my bots were. Long story short, they won. I didn't even make second place. Embarrassing, yes I know, but here's the twist. Their P&L looked like roller coasters, and mine looked like this. No disrespect to them, they absolutely did win fair and square. But this kept me thinking, and I decided to keep running that account. One year later, that $10,000 account is now $20,200. But it wasn't a smooth run, one of my bots nearly wrecked everything, and AI recently changed how I'm trading forever. Part 1, the CryptoBanta bet. Okay, here's what I learned, and what really matters from that trading bet. Yes, they run, and I'm certainly not going to argue with that. Anybody that's got enough balls to go head to head against a bot live and transparently, certainly I take my hat off to them. They used a more manual, aggressive trading approach, probably with larger amounts, and with conviction, they were successful. It was for 30 days straight, they had a 5K account, I had a 10K account, I'm not sure why. I'm not sure what happened there, but these are the results as you can see above. They did a great job over a 30 day period, but this was a light bulb moment for me. There was a difference that was made. My equity curve was slow, steady, didn't 10x in a week, and wasn't flashy and explosive. It was just steady, controlled and statistical. That's what made the difference. Manual traders are optimised for moments, and bots are optimised for time. One will win a sprint, and the other one is engineered for a marathon. So shutting down this account was out of the question for me. I did something that most traders would not. I decided to continue this trading strategy for at least 365 days, and not only that, I did it transparently inside Discord, where I gave updates weekly to the members of my Discord. 30 days was not enough time to prove anything, but 365 days, that's where the truth belies. Part 2, one year later. Okay, so now that it's fast forward 365 days, we have the same account, the same core strategies, still 100% automated, and no overriding the trades manually. And here are my results. I'm very proud 102% return, from a $10,000 account to just over $20,200. I'm extremely happy with those results. It wasn't a smooth ride, but I'd certainly learnt a lot this year. First of all, these strategies are not complicated. They're simple trend following systems that I do and build here live on YouTube every single week. Nothing fancy, no secret source, no magic IA prediction models. I use simple tools like a Trendilio indicator for entries. I use a T3 for trend direction. I use ADX to stay out of markets when they go sideways. And that's it, simple rules, automated execution. Now here's where most people get it wrong, diversification. I am only a crypto trader. Yes, I have only actually found an edge inside crypto for the moment, although I'm looking elsewhere. I've tried other markets, tested other things. Crypto is where I've found my consistent edge. So instead of spending hours trying to find an edge elsewhere, I've diversified in crypto instead. I currently have 26 spots running, different pairs, different timeframes, different indicator combinations. And yes, they are all trend following, but they don't all enter at the same time. They don't have the same stop losses and they certainly don't have the same way of taking profit. They don't use the same logic and I'm very careful not to stack risk and I do my best to spread it. And this year I trusted one thing above everything else, the law of large numbers. This means that I'm not going to be hopping from one strategy to another and build conviction in one strategy. Then I leave it for long enough to actually make sure that it actually is trading the way it should be. I also consider the expected value EV is your best friend and not only in trading in any investment that I make from here on and in the future. No emotions, no opinions, not this trader looks good, maybe not. Probability over time. Now 26 spots I totally understand might sound like chaos, but it isn't. This year I only made two very, very small adjustments and I have a daily routine. Five minutes I wake up in the morning, I check that my APIs are all working as they should be, none of them have expired. I make sure that all trades are running, my bots are set up as they should be in trading view. I check my edge status that I've built with an AI Markov model and that's it. As my dad always used to say, keep it simple, stupid and honestly, that applies perfectly to algo trading too. You don't need any complexity, you just need discipline. Part three, the big mistake. Okay, so let's go back to November last year. This last year was a bit of a weird year for me. I had quite a few health problems and just generally it wasn't going according to plan. So I left my strategies in the background running and generally the results were quite good. One of the community strategies called the stiff surge was doing absolutely insanely well throughout the year. It was trading ARB USDT and pretty much everybody that I knew inside Discord was actually trading it. It was making win after win until November. November, things were going sideways. The ARB strategy was winning and then losing and then winning and then losing again until one of my signals started flashing. Yes, I have a system to know when to turn off a bot. It's very simple, I put a Bollinger band or a Bollinger band around the equity curve and I also have some Mokov models that I've built which help to keep an eye on rolling win rate and a couple of other edge techniques that make sure that a strategy doesn't start falling apart. So as I said, November came along, the flashing signal started to show on this trading strategy. But the strategy was just so good for so long, I decided to ignore it. Yes, I know it's a bit like when you're holding Bitcoin and you can feel it going down and you're trying to catch those lower lows. Well, this was almost the same. I always felt as though it was going to bounce back. I totally ignored all of my signals. I ignored my systems that told me to turn it off. And to mix into that, like I said earlier, I had healthy issues. I didn't react fast enough and that was where things started falling apart. In December, my account dropped by 11%, which was extreme pain for myself. Not only because I was trading for myself, but because I knew other people in the community were trading that strategy too. Unfortunately, emotions and not being able to detach myself from the trading strategy was part of that downfall throughout December. And I did eventually have to turn off that strategy before even turning it off at the end of December. I did reduce the amount of equity, which really didn't help that much. So at the end of December, near Christmas, I decided to turn the strategy off and move forward with the other bots. Luckily, that was the right decision. And throughout January, the other bots actually performed extremely well. We went back into a trending market where Bitcoin, unfortunately for those holding it, absolutely dropped all the way down to almost $60,000. The bots all activated and as they are bidirectional trading strategies, they all shorted the market as Bitcoin started to crumble. The good news is that not only did we make back our losses from December in January, but we're actually now at 102% from January last year. This was an absolutely amazing feeling for me. I was very, very proud that we managed to do this. This actually puts us in the top traders on Bybit. Some of the members of the David Tech community actually got a top 2% badge from Bybit themselves. And we managed to even crush some of the best statistics of the biggest hedge funds out there. Part 4, GridBot Reality Check. OK, so about halfway through this whole experiment, I decided to actually start using GridBots as well. And the reason was was that on Google, YouTube and throughout all of the communities that I was in, GridBots were becoming extremely popular. Now, I never had personally great experiences with GridBots and it actually lost me quite a lot of money through the last Bitcoin bear market. But all the influencers and all of these AI techniques were promising lots of returns on their investment. So I thought it was time for me to go out and test all of these GridBots. So I added a $5,000 account. Yes, I didn't have as much conviction in these bots as my original. So I added $5,000 to this Bybit account. I set up, as you can see in this video, which I talked about, I set up $5,000 accounts in this video, which you can see here around seven or eight months ago. I left them running, although, as I said, I didn't expect much from them. These GridBots randomly add all over your chart grids, then kind of hope for the best that markets will bounce and you will be able to get out of your entries. The problem is, is that when markets do plummet, you just end up buying, buying, buying and eventually getting liquidated. So here are some of the results. As I said, just as a side note from that experiment at the same time, we're about seven or eight months into the experiment, but I will not be continuing it. We lost several hundreds of dollars on each of the accounts, making quite a big loss over time. Now I've been doing this on YouTube for many years, so I have tested many bots. I've even tested lots of copy traders off of Pyonex and some of the other copy trading accounts. And as you can see on my screen now, these are the results of after three years of live trading at these strategies. The results are far from amazing. And I'd say that most of them are actually in a loss. OK, part five, the shift to AI. OK, so I said at the beginning of this video that AI is going to be the future of my trading and how I'm going to be trading all of my capital in the near future. I've been building many systems to allow us to be able to backtest and build strategies easily and have been implementing AI into my personal systems to stop bots to get us out of bad trades and all of those kind of things. But I certainly don't want AI to just become another discretionary trader where I throw a screenshot into chat GPT and ask for it to make a decision. I want real systems that can actually be automated and that I can feel that I can really trust. So for the past couple of months, I've been building a what I call a hedge fund in your pocket. This allows AI to talk to each other, build strategies, debunk strategies, backtest strategies and even live trade the strategies to make sure that they're actually working. Everything's included from fees to slippage. And now it's about time for me to actually give it real money. But one big power move came up on Twitter very recently called Open Claw. Open Claw was the missing link that I needed to actually finish my project. And I've actually added all of this into an Open Claw where all of my agents can actually now talk to each other and work as a group instead of just doing them one by one. So for my future trading with AI, I'm going to be using AI to build and backtest the trading strategies. And now I'm actually going to be giving it real live funds so that we can do this one year test once again with AI. So that we can do this test one more time for one full year where I'm going to be challenging my simple bots to beat the AI systems of Open Claw. But one year to see whether my bots trade better or a Open Claw will get me out of those bad trades that I had like I had in December. AI has changed many people's jobs throughout the world and trading is one of them. With AI, you can now easily code trading strategies with a click of a button just by giving AI your ideas of a trading strategy. It can write pine script and you can easily copy that over to Trading View and then even use AI to create a connector between your exchange and Trading View without even knowing how to code. AI can backtest, it can help you forward test. Thanks to all these amazing tools, we no longer need to be sheep. We can actually easily backtest all of our strategies and no longer rely on black box systems. We can diversify, set stop rules and we can use AI responsibly to actually help us trade better. In my next episode, guys, I'm going to be showing you my Open Claw set up where I'm going to go through my hedge fund in a pocket and how it's going to be trading throughout the whole of this year and going to be battle testing it against my simple bots that have actually made 102% this year. Guys, that was a long video. Thank you very much for being with me all the way to the end. I hope that it will be useful and help you to become a better trader. Keep safe, trade like a boss and I'll see you next week's video. Goodbye.